text:adjacent counties are marin -lrb- to the south -rrb- , mendocino -lrb- to the north -rrb- , lake -lrb- northeast -rrb- , napa -lrb- to the east -rrb- , and solano and contra costa -lrb- to the southeast -rrb- .	labels:to the south of sonoma county is marin county , to the north is mendocino county , to the east is napa county , and to the northeast is lake county .	episode_done:True
text:a georgian inscription around the drum attests his name .	labels:georgian writings around the drum attests his name .	episode_done:True
text:they would later return to the revived series in the 2008 christmas special " the next doctor " , introducing two new variants of the race ; the cyber-shades and the cyber-king .	labels:they would later return to the new series in the 2008 christmas special " the next doctor " , introducing two new types of cyberman ; the cyber-shades and the cyber-king .	episode_done:True
text:jameson 's autobiography , how to make love like a porn star : a cautionary tale was published august 17 , 2004 .	labels:in 2004 , she wrote an autobiography , how to make love like a porn star : a cautionary tale .	episode_done:True
text:it is particularly famous for the cultivation of kiwifruit .	labels:it is famous for kiwifruit , which is grown there .	episode_done:True
text:singles competition -lrb- 2002 – 2003 -rrb- after years in the tag team division , hardy took on the undertaker in a ladder match for the undisputed championship .	labels:singles competition -lrb- 2002-2003 -rrb- after years in the tag team division , jeff fought the undertaker in a ladder match for the championship .	episode_done:True
text:many of the churches work together for town-wide projects under the banner of " churches together in stevenage " .	labels:many of the churches work together for town-wide projects under the name of " churches together in stevenage " .	episode_done:True
text:word processing templates enable the ability to bypass the initial setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume .	labels:word processing templates give the ability to bypass the original setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume .	episode_done:True
text:rollins retired in 1962 and opted to become a coach .	labels:rollins retired in 1962 and decided to become a coach .	episode_done:True
text:history landsberg prison , which is in the town 's western outskirts , was completed in 1910 .	labels:history the landsberg prisn was built around 1910 on the town 's western edge .	episode_done:True
text:a hunting dog refers to any dog who assists humans in hunting .	labels:a hunting dog is any dog who helps humans in hunting .	episode_done:True
text:the empire of nicaea succeeded in capturing constantinople and the rest of the latin empire , thus re-establishing the byzantine empire .	labels:the empire of nicaea took control of constantinople and also the latin empire so it again became the byzantine empire .	episode_done:True
text:this led scientists to re-examine the old photos again , and the satellite was finally found in the images .	labels:this led scientists to look at the old photos again , and the moon was finally found in the images .	episode_done:True
text:marcel junod -lrb- 1904-1961 -rrb- , a physician from geneva , was another famous delegate during the second world war .	labels:marcel junod -lrb- 1904-1961 -rrb- , a doctor from geneva , was another famous delegate during the second world war .	episode_done:True
text:whisenhunt 's career as a player included 4 years -lrb- 1985-88 -rrb- as a tight end with the atlanta falcons , who drafted him in the twelfth round , and then spells with the washington redskins and new york jets .	labels:whisenhunt 's career as a player included 4 years -lrb- 1985-88 -rrb- as a tight end with the atlanta falcons , who drafted him in the twelfth round , and then short periods with the washington redskins and new york jets .	episode_done:True
text:in return , romania ceded three southern districts of bessarabia to russia and acquired dobruja .	labels:in return , they had to give russia three of their southern districts of bessarabia .	episode_done:True
text:in march 2001 , the world wrestling federation purchased world championship wrestling .	labels:in march 2001 , the world wrestling federation bought world championship wrestling .	episode_done:True
text:the west coast blues is a type of blues music characterized by jazz and jump blues influences , strong piano-dominated sounds and jazzy guitar solos , which originated from texas blues players relocated to california in the 1940s .	labels:the west coast blues is a type of blues music related to jazz and jump blues , with lots of piano sounds and jazz guitar solos , which originated from texas blues musicians that moved to california in the 1940s .	episode_done:True
text:subsequent visits reported seeing the flag flying from places of honor .	labels:other visits reported seeing the flag flying from places of honor .	episode_done:True
text:agriculture locals grow seasonal crops such as maize -lrb- makai -rrb- and wheat -lrb- kanak -rrb- .	labels:farming locals grow crops such as maize -lrb- makai -rrb- and wheat -lrb- kanak -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:in 2004 , roy was selected as the greatest goaltender in nhl history by a panel of 41 writers , coupled with a simultaneous fan poll .	labels:in 2004 , roy was selected as the greatest goaltender in nhl history by a group of 41 writers , along with a fan poll .	episode_done:True
text:frances was later absorbed by an extratropical cyclone on november 21 .	labels:frances was later destroyed by an extratropical low on november 21 .	episode_done:True
text:tracking northwestward , the depression moved ashore near fort walton beach early on september 22 , and shortly thereafter it dissipated over southeastern alabama .	labels:moving northwestward , the depression came onto land near fort walton beach early on september 22 , and shortly later , it dissipated over southeastern alabama .	episode_done:True
text:anthony mcgill is the principal clarinetist for the metropolitan opera .	labels:he is the principal clarinetist for the metropolitan opera .	episode_done:True
text:the author -lrb- s -rrb- and publisher -lrb- s -rrb- of the document do not by this license give permission to use their names for publicity for or to assert or imply endorsement of any modified version .	labels:the author -lrb- s -rrb- and publisher -lrb- s -rrb- of the document do not by this license give permission to use their names for publicity for or to assert or imply endorsement of any changed version .	episode_done:True
text:the british rail class 91 is a class of 140 mph -lrb- 225 km / h -rrb- , 4.54mw / 6,300 hp electric locomotives ordered as a component of the east coast main line modernisation and electrification programme of the late 1980s .	labels:the british rail class 91 is a class of 140 mph , 6,300 hp electric locomotives ordered specifically for the east coast main line modernisation and electrification programme of the late 1980s .	episode_done:True
text:the premiere received a 2.79 rating , making it the highest rated show on cable in its time slot .	labels:the first episode got a 2.79 rating , making it the highest rated show on cable in its time slot .	episode_done:True
text:there are claims that thousands of people were impaled at a single time .	labels:some say that thousands of people were impaled at a single time .	episode_done:True
text:the name " hornet " is used for this and related species primarily because of their habit of making aerial nests -lrb- similar to the true hornets -rrb- rather than subterranean nests .	labels:the name " hornet " is used for this and related species mainly because of their habit to make aerial nests -lrb- similar to the true hornets ' -rrb- rather than the nests underground the wasps use .	episode_done:True
text:in 1589 , salt began to be made in sunderland .	labels:in 1589 , salt making started in sunderland .	episode_done:True
text:some trails are designated as nature trails , and are used by people learning about the natural world .	labels:some trails are meant as nature trails , and are used by people learning about the natural world .	episode_done:True
text:in august 2007 , hager was reassigned to florida championship wrestling , where he began a feud with tj wilson .	labels:in august 2007 , hager went back to florida championship wrestling , where he began a rivalry with tj wilson .	episode_done:True
text:these rock formations are characteristically composed of sandstone with layers of quartz .	labels:the rock formations -lrb- groups -rrb- are made of sandstone with layers of quartz .	episode_done:True
text:notably absent from the city are fortifications and military structures .	labels:there seem to be no fortifications or military structures in the city .	episode_done:True
text:san francisco bay is located in the u.s. state of california , surrounded by a contiguous region known as the san francisco bay area , dominated by the large cities san francisco , oakland and san jose .	labels:san francisco bay lies in the us state of california and is surrounded by a region known as the san francisco bay area , that is near the big cities san francisco , oakland , and san jose .	episode_done:True
text:adrastea was discovered by david c. jewitt and g. edward danielson in voyager 2 probe photographs taken on july 8 , 1979 , and received the designation .	labels:it was found by david c. jewitt and g. edward danielson in voyager 2 probe photographs taken in 1979 and received the designation .	episode_done:True
text:picasa web albums was first leaked on june 6 , 2006 .	labels:picasa web albums was first announced on june 6 , 2006 .	episode_done:True
text:it is probably a primitive body composed of carbonates .	labels:it is probably a primitive body made of carbonates .	episode_done:True
text:either way , artemis was born first and then assisted with the birth of apollo .	labels:artemis was born first , and then helped leto to give birth to apollo .	episode_done:True
text:the park has become a traditional location for mass demonstrations .	labels:the park has become a traditional place for mass demonstrations .	episode_done:True
text:breaking dawn is the fourth and final novel in the twilight series by stephenie meyer .	labels:breaking dawn is the fourth and last novel in the twilight series by stephenie meyer .	episode_done:True
text:the main town is abingdon , other places include faringdon and wantage .	labels:the main town is abingdon , other places are faringdon and wantage .	episode_done:True
text:the municipality has about 5700 inhabitants .	labels:the municipality has about 57,00 people .	episode_done:True
text:42 – 59 external links 2001 census , accessed nov . 29 , 2006 geo .	labels:42-59 other websites 2001 census , accessed nov . 29 , 2006 geo .	episode_done:True
text:it was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard , et al .	labels:it was found by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard , et al .	episode_done:True
text:nocturnes is an orchestral composition in three movements by the french composer claude debussy .	labels:nocturnes is a piece of music for orchestra by the french composer claude debussy .	episode_done:True
text:the alexandrian life of aeschylus indicates that the playwright took the first prize at the city dionysia thirteen times .	labels:one book , the alexandrian life of aeschylus , said that he won the first prize at the city dionysia 13 times .	episode_done:True
text:calvinism gained some popularity in scandinavia , especially sweden , but was rejected in favor of lutheranism after the synod of uppsala in 1593 .	labels:calvinism was popular as well for some time in scandinavia , especially sweden , but was rejected in favor of lutheranism after the synod of uppsala in 1593 .	episode_done:True
text:he was holidaying in germany the following summer when world war i broke out .	labels:he was on holiday in germany the next summer when world war i broke out .	episode_done:True
text:in order to accomplish their objective , surveyors use elements of geometry , engineering , trigonometry , mathematics , physics , and law .	labels:in order to reach their objective , surveyors use elements of geometry , engineering , trigonometry , mathematics , physics , and law .	episode_done:True
text:given their low metabolic rate and the low density of prey at such depths , vampire squid must use innovative predator avoidance tactics in order to conserve energy .	labels:given their low metabolic rate and the low density of prey at such depths , vampire squid must use innovative predator avoidance tactics in order to save energy .	episode_done:True
text:in the 1950s camus devoted his efforts to human rights .	labels:in the 1950s camus tried to improve human rights .	episode_done:True
text:iron maiden , released on april 14 , 1980 , is the debut album by heavy metal band iron maiden .	labels:iron maiden is a first album made by british heavy metal band iron maiden .	episode_done:True
text:the vezina trophy is awarded annually to the national hockey league 's goaltender who is " adjudged to be the best at this position " .	labels:the vezina trophy is awarded every year to the national hockey league 's goaltender who is chosen as the best goaltender .	episode_done:True
text:it was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard in 2000 , and given the temporary designation .	labels:it was found by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard in 2000 , and given the designation .	episode_done:True
text:hydra appears to be spectrally neutral like charon and nix , though pluto is reddish .	labels:hydra appears to be grey like charon and nix , though pluto is reddish .	episode_done:True
text:key factors in an rtos are therefore a minimal interrupt latency and a minimal thread switching latency .	labels:the main features of an rtos are minimal interrupt latency and a minimal thread switching latency .	episode_done:True
text:the waxing crescent moon " represents a young nation on the ascendant " .	labels:the crescent moon represents a young nation on the rise .	episode_done:True
text:the alu is a fundamental building block of the central processing unit -lrb- cpu -rrb- of a computer , and even the simplest microprocessors contain one for purposes such as maintaining timers .	labels:the alu is one of basic building block of the central processing unit -lrb- cpu -rrb- of a computer , even the simplest microcontrollers contain one for purposes such timing .	episode_done:True
text:probably in the ninth century , the village became part of the territory of the monastery of reichenau .	labels:probably in the 800s , the village became part of the territory of the monastery of reichenau .	episode_done:True
text:at the 2008 cannes film festival , alain siritzky announced that a worldwide search was underway for a new emmanuelle to star in a new series of films .	labels:at the 2008 cannes film festival , alain siritzky said that a worldwide search was to begin for a new emmanuelle to star in a new series of films .	episode_done:True
text:hardy also cites " burn out " and the need for time off as reasons for leaving wwe .	labels:hardy also said " burn out " and the need for time off were reasons for leaving wwe .	episode_done:True
text:q is the seventeenth letter of the basic modern latin alphabet .	labels:q is the seventeenth -lrb- number 17 -rrb- letter in the english alphabet .	episode_done:True
text:among the casualties were two fishers who were reported missing .	labels:the only casualties were two fishermen who were reported missing .	episode_done:True
text:this book by itself is out of print having been published along with nine short stories in the collection the worthing saga -lrb- 1990 -rrb- .	labels:this book is out of print , but it was released again in a collection of short stories called the worthing saga in 1990 .	episode_done:True
text:the 1977 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1977 , and lasted until november 30 , 1977 .	labels:the 1977 atlantic hurricane season started on june 1 , 1977 and ended on november 30 , 1977 .	episode_done:True
text:due to the cold war , subsequent trials never took place .	labels:because of the cold war , there were no subsequent trials .	episode_done:True
text:dundee has two universities — the university of abertay dundee and the university of dundee .	labels:they are called the university of dundee and the university of abertay dundee .	episode_done:True
text:john paul stevens -lrb- born april 20 , 1920 -rrb- is the senior associate justice of the supreme court of the united states .	labels:john paul stevens -lrb- born april 20 , 1920 in chicago , illinois -rrb- is on the supreme court of the united states .	episode_done:True
text:for a period , platforms at both the old and new stations operated , before the original station finally closed and was demolished .	labels:for some time , both the old and new stations were used , before the ground level swan street station was closed .	episode_done:True
text:however , all of the storms that have impacted arizona have formed in the latter parts of the pacific hurricane season , and only storm remnants have affected the state before august .	labels:however , all of the storms that have impacted arizona have formed in the latter parts of the pacific hurricane season , and no storm has affected the state before august .	episode_done:True
text:the two byzantine outbreaks during the 8th and 9th centuries were unusual in that the use of images was the main issue in the dispute , rather than a by-product of wider concerns .	labels:the two byzantine outbreaks during the 8th and 9th centuries were unusual because the use of images was the main issue in the dispute , rather than a by-product of wider concerns .	episode_done:True
text:it was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard in 2003 , receiving the temporary designation .	labels:it was found by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard in 2003 , getting the designation .	episode_done:True
text:the french word bourgeois evolved from the old french word burgeis , meaning " an inhabitant of a town " -lrb- cf .	labels:the french word bourgeois comes from the old french word burgeis , meaning " an inhabitant of a town " -lrb- cf .	episode_done:True
text:the book of nehemiah is a book of the hebrew bible , historically regarded as a continuation of the book of ezra , and is sometimes called the second book of ezra .	labels:the book of nehemiah is a book of the hebrew bible , thought to be a continuation of the book of ezra , and is sometimes called the second book of ezra .	episode_done:True
text:the erotian surface gravity varies greatly , since eros is not a sphere but an elongated peanut-shaped -lrb- or potato- or shoe-shaped -rrb- object .	labels:the erotian surface gravity changes a lot , since eros is not a sphere but a stretched peanut-shaped -lrb- or potato- or shoe-shaped -rrb- object .	episode_done:True
text:definition overview the key idea behind a reed – solomon code is that the data encoded is first visualized as a polynomial .	labels:basic idea the key idea behind a reed-solomon code is that the data encoded is first visualized as a polynomial .	episode_done:True
text:the wwf consisted of stone cold steve austin , kurt angle , chris jericho , kane , and the undertaker , who all squared off against the team of ddp , booker t , rhyno , and the dudley boys .	labels:the wwf consisted of stone cold steve austin , kurt angle , chris jericho , kane , and the undertaker , who all wrestled against the team of ddp , booker t , rhyno , and the dudley boys .	episode_done:True
text:memory locations can also be renamed , although it is not commonly done to the extent practised in register renaming .	labels:memory locations can also be renamed , although it is not commonly done to the level used in register renaming .	episode_done:True
text:disputes between european and chinese miners flared into brawls at daylesford and castlemaine .	labels:there were fights between european and chinese miners at daylesford and castlemaine .	episode_done:True
text:tourism is concentrated in the mountains , particularly around the towns of davos / arosa , laax and st. moritz / pontresina .	labels:tourism is mainly in the mountains , usually around the towns of davos / arosa , laax and st. moritz / pontresina .	episode_done:True
text:it was discovered on february 27 , 1995 .	labels:it was found on february 27 , 1995 .	episode_done:True
text:they were introduced to europe in 1846 by robert fortune , collector for the london horticultural society , and shortly thereafter into north america .	labels:they were introduced to europe in 1846 by robert fortune , who was collector for the london horticultural society , and a short time later into north america .	episode_done:True
text:he began this form of ministry in 1947 and continued until recently .	labels:he began this ministry in 1947 , and kept doing it until recently .	episode_done:True
text:anne frank was deported on the last train from westerbork .	labels:in the last train from westerbork was also anne frank .	episode_done:True
text:upper body sleeveless shirt tank top , wife beater , singlet a sleeveless garment similar to a t-shirt .	labels:upper body sleeveless shirt tank top a garment without sleeves that is similar to a t-shirt .	episode_done:True
text:the moon is very elongated , with its short axis 0.5 ± 0.1 times the long axis .	labels:the moon is very stretched , with its short axis 0.5 ± 0.1 times the long axis .	episode_done:True
text:they claimed to be playing an april fool 's joke , but most people who saw the signs were unfamiliar with the phrase .	labels:they said it was an april fools ' day joke , but not many people who saw the signs had seen the phrase before .	episode_done:True
text:a parallel to tributaries is the distributary , a river that branches off of and flows away from the main stream .	labels:the opposite of a tributary is a distributary , a river that branches off from the main flow of water .	episode_done:True
text:the inner eyewall dissipated as a 23 mile -lrb- 37 km -rrb- outer eyewall became dominant , and concurrently the overall organization of the hurricane improved .	labels:the inner eyewall died out as a 23 mile -lrb- 37 km -rrb- outer eyewall became took over , and at the same time , the overall organization of the hurricane improved .	episode_done:True
text:the white sox play in the american league 's central division .	labels:the club is in the central division of the american league .	episode_done:True
text:when damocles was discovered , in 1991 by robert h. mcnaught , it was found to be on an orbit completely different from all others known .	labels:when damocles was found , in 1991 by robert h. mcnaught , it was found to be on an orbit that was very different from all others known .	episode_done:True
text:the blake river megacaldera complex is considered a supervolcano due to its great size and its multiple dikes and vents .	labels:it is considered to be a supervolcano because of its great size -lrb- 3,000 km2 -rrb- and its numerous dikes and vents .	episode_done:True
text:six species live in the greater caribbean region , including the queen conch , and the west indian fighting conch , strombus pugilis .	labels:living true conch species include the queen conch , strombus gigas , and the west indian fighting conch -lrb- strombus pugilis -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:with its completion in 1992 , uninterrupted water transport was made possible between the north sea and the black sea .	labels:it was completed in 1992 and makes it possible for boats to travel from the north sea to the black sea .	episode_done:True
text:world temperatures could rise by between 1.1 and 6.4 ° c -lrb- 2.0 and 11.5 ° f -rrb- during the 21st century -lrb- table 3 -rrb- and that : sea levels will probably rise by 18 to 59 cm -lrb- 7.08 to 23.22 in -rrb- -lsb- table 3 -rsb- .	labels:world temperatures could rise by between 1.1 and 6.4 ° c -lrb- 2.0 and 11.5 ° f -rrb- during the 21st century -lrb- table 3 -rrb- and : sea levels may rise by 18 to 59 cm -lrb- 7.08 to 23.22 in -rrb- -lsb- table 3 -rsb- .	episode_done:True
text:in reality angle announced that he would be having neck surgery in may and would be out of action until august .	labels:in reality angle said that he would be heaving neck surgery in may and would not be fighting until august .	episode_done:True
text:these flies are clothed in black or pale -lrb- white or golden -rrb- hairs , and are themselves either black or metallic green or blue .	labels:these flies have black or pale -lrb- white or golden -rrb- hairs , and their bodies are either black or metallic green or blue .	episode_done:True
text:packaged instant soups come in several varieties : a packet of dry soup stock -lrb- like the ramen image below -rrb- .	labels:packaged instant soups come in two varieties : a packet of dry soup stock -lrb- like the ramen image below -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:since 1980 the senior pastor has been john piper .	labels:since 1980 , their pastor has been john piper .	episode_done:True
text:it aims to be fast and lightweight , while still being visually appealing and easy to use .	labels:it is made to be fast and quick , while still looking nice and easy to use .	episode_done:True
text:the subsequent campaigns were more or less successful , and the imperial exarchate was established in ravenna to oversee italy , though actually imperial influence was often limited .	labels:the following campaigns were more or less successful , and the imperial exarchate was established in ravenna for italy , but imperial influence was often limited .	episode_done:True
text:september 13 - astronomers from the european southern observatory -lrb- eso -rrb- announce images that appear to show a planet orbiting a brown dwarf about 230 light years away .	labels:september 13 - astronomers from the european southern observatory announce images that seem to show a planet orbiting a brown dwarf about 230 light years away .	episode_done:True
text:in 1919 , all of the major pro-independence factions formed the provisional government in shanghai .	labels:in 1919 , all of the major pro-independence groups formed the provisional government in shanghai .	episode_done:True
text:this has the advantage of evenly distributed spatial resolution without singularities -lrb- i.e. the poles -rrb- at the expense of somewhat greater numerical difficulty .	labels:this has the advantage of better spatial resolution without singularities -lrb- i.e. the poles -rrb- at the expense of somewhat greater numerical difficulty .	episode_done:True
text:one winter night , she was left alone while her son and his wife went to a basketball game .	labels:on a winter night , she was alone while her son and his wife went to a basketball game .	episode_done:True
text:since then , the medal has been awarded 1,356 times to 1,353 individual recipients .	labels:since then , the medal has been given 1,356 times to 1,353 people .	episode_done:True
text:justification is seen by protestants as being the theological fault line that divided roman catholic from protestant during the reformationfor example , kurt aland , a history of christianity , vol .	labels:protestants believe justification is the line that divided the roman catholics from the protestants during the reformationfor example , kurt aland , a history of christianity , vol .	episode_done:True
text:the tornado destroyed 20 homes , left 30 others severely damaged , injured one person , and caused power outages for about 300 people .	labels:the tornado destroyed 20 homes , left 30 others severely damaged , and injured one person , and cut power for about 300 people .	episode_done:True
text:ban became actively involved in issues relating to inter-korean relationships .	labels:ban has been very involved in issues relating to inter-korean relationships .	episode_done:True
text:ensuring that the food supply is free of contamination .	labels:to be sure that the food supply is safe .	episode_done:True
text:the series returned from hiatus on february 7 , 2007 and was aired at 10:00 pm .	labels:after a break , the show returned on february 7 , 2007 and aired at 10:00 pm .	episode_done:True
text:the hot metal straightener slid easily through the hair , causing less damage and dryness than previously-used techniques .	labels:the hot metal straightener went easily through the hair , making less damage and dryness than the earlier methods .	episode_done:True
text:partnerships since 1990 the district has a partnership with the district main-kinzig in hessen , germany .	labels:partnerships since 1990 the district has a partnership with main-kinzig rural district in hesse , germany .	episode_done:True
text:its articles are now carried by press release archives like world news , scoop .	labels:its articles are now carried by press release information centers like world news , scoop .	episode_done:True
text:geography the caucasus mountains are generally perceived to be a dividing line between asia and europe , and territories in caucasia are alternately considered to be in one or both continents .	labels:the caucasus mountains are commonly known as a line between asia and europe , and the lands in caucasia are different considered to be in one or both continents .	episode_done:True
text:description anchovies are small green fish with blue reflections due to a silver longitudinal stripe that runs from the base of the caudal fin .	labels:these reflections are due to a silver stripe that runs along the length of the fish from the base of the caudal fin .	episode_done:True
text:other users and bots may edit pages in your user space , though by convention your user page will usually not be edited by others .	labels:other users may edit pages in your user space , although by convention your user page will usually not be edited by others .	episode_done:True
text:diacritical marks and non-english letters are ignored , while numerical entries such as " 1812 , war of " are alphabetised as if the number had been written out -lrb- " eighteen-twelve , war of " -rrb- .	labels:non-english letters are ignored and articles with numbers such as " war of 1812 " are arranged as if the number had been written out -lrb- " war of eighteen-twelve " -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:luis suárez miramontes -lrb- born may 2 , 1935 -rrb- is a spanish former footballer and manager .	labels:luis suárez miramontes -lrb- born 2 may , 1935 -rrb- is a former spanish football player .	episode_done:True
text:coupled with the aggressive expansion and expanded menu came the outsourcing of baked goods .	labels:along with the expansion of stores and the expanded menu came the outsourcing of baked goods .	episode_done:True
text:these benefits are in some ways similar to those realized by owners of infrastructural capital which yields more goods , e.g. a factory which produces automobiles just as an apple tree produces apples .	labels:these benefits are in some ways similar to those that owners of " capital " have as their capital produces more goods , e.g. a factory which produces automobiles just as an apple tree produces apples .	episode_done:True
text:greenland first entertained the idea of a flag of its own in 1973 when five greenlanders proposed a green , white and blue flag .	labels:greenland first thought of the idea of a flag of its own in 1973 , when five greenlanders proposed a green , white and blue flag .	episode_done:True
text:they can also be used as a general test tube substitute particularly when a larger volume is desired .	labels:boiling tubes can also be used as a replacement for test tubes specially when a larger volume is desired .	episode_done:True
text:grosse ile township is a civil township of wayne county in the u.s. state of michigan .	labels:grosse ile township is a town in wayne county in the u.s. state of michigan .	episode_done:True
text:in respective singles matches , john cena defeated sabu in an extreme lumberjack match , which featured superstars from the raw and ecw brands at ringside .	labels:in singles matches , john cena beat sabu in an extreme lumberjack match , which featured wrestlers from the raw and ecw brands at ringside .	episode_done:True
text:tiko united fc is a cameroonian football club based in tiko .	labels:tiko united f.c. is a football club which plays in cameroon .	episode_done:True
text:in 1998 , she contributed back-up vocals for the refugee camp 's " it 's too late " , a carroll king cover .	labels:in 1998 , she did back-up vocals for the refugee camp 's " it 's too late " , a carroll king cover .	episode_done:True
text:tube sound -lrb- or valve sound -rrb- is the characteristic sound associated with a vacuum tube-based audio amplifier .	labels:tube sound -lrb- or valve sound -rrb- is the sound produced by a vacuum tube-based audio amplifier .	episode_done:True
text:great seal of the united states francis hopkinson provided assistance to the second committee that designed the great seal of the united states .	labels:great seal of the united states francis hopkinson gave his help to the second committee that designed the great seal of the united states .	episode_done:True
text:he was responsible there for music , the organ , directing chants and choir , etc .	labels:he directed the music there , played the organ and trained the choir .	episode_done:True
text:the renault vel satis is an executive car produced by the french manufacturer renault .	labels:the renault vel satis is a large automobile created by the french car manufacturer renault .	episode_done:True
text:neptune is the eighth and outermost-known planet from the sun in the solar system .	labels:neptune , is the eighth and last planet from the sun in the solar system .	episode_done:True
text:riluzole does not reverse the damage already done to motor neurons , and patients taking the drug must be monitored for liver damage and other possible side effects .	labels:riluzole does not heal the damage already done to motor neurons , and patients taking the drug must be watched for liver damage and other side-effects .	episode_done:True
text:hurwicz was inducted into the american academy of arts and sciences in 1965 .	labels:hurwicz was made part of the american academy of arts and sciences in 1965 .	episode_done:True
text:in 1997 ignacio ramonet , editor of le monde diplomatique , renewed the debate around the tobin tax with an editorial titled " disarming the markets " .	labels:in 1997 ignacio ramonet , editor of le monde diplomatique , started the debate around the tobin tax again with an editorial titled " disarming the markets " .	episode_done:True
text:description pack rats are prevalent in the deserts and highlands of western united states and northern mexico .	labels:packrats are common in the deserts and higlands of the western united states and northern mexico .	episode_done:True
text:the parlement law courts of ancien régime france are established .	labels:the parlement law courts of ancien régime france are created .	episode_done:True
text:wilbur repays charlotte by bringing home with him the sac of eggs -lrb- her " magnum opus " -rrb- she had laid at the fair before dying .	labels:wilbur makes up to charlotte by bringing home with him the sac of eggs she had laid at the fair before dying .	episode_done:True
text:she aided theseus in overcoming the minotaur and later became the bride of the god dionysus .	labels:she helped theseus in defeating the minotaur and later became the consort of the god dionysus .	episode_done:True
text:nessler an early alternative method for curling hair that was suitable for use on people was invented in 1905 by german hairdresser charles nessler -lrb- 1872 – 1951 -rrb- .	labels:the first chemical treatment for curling hair that was suitable for use on people was invented in the year 1906 by the german hairdresser karl nessler -lrb- 1872-1951 -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:in 1972 , arsonists set the bunker on fire .	labels:in 1972 the bunker was set on fire .	episode_done:True
text:after she has finished her wrestling career , james plans to own a farm and be an equine trainer .	labels:after she has finished her wrestling career , james plans to own a farm and train horses .	episode_done:True
text:the new government in 1816 created the districts steinfurt and tecklenburg .	labels:the new government in 1816 made the districts steinfurt and tecklenburg .	episode_done:True
text:add an appropriate copyright notice for your modifications adjacent to the other copyright notices .	labels:e. add the right copyright notice for the changes -lrb- next to the other copyright notices -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:above the boxes , la scala has always had a gallery where the less wealthy can watch the performances .	labels:above the boxes , la scala has always had a gallery where people who are not so rich can watch .	episode_done:True
text:it is situated 44 miles -lrb- 71 km -rrb- northeast of pittsburgh , along the east bank of the allegheny river .	labels:it is located 44 miles -lrb- 71 km -rrb- northeast of pittsburgh , and is located by the allegheny river .	episode_done:True
text:initially elastic sweatbands were issued to each street crime unit member , based on the chosen color of the day : beginning the use of the color of the day recognition system .	labels:at the beginning headbands were given out to each street crime unit member , that were in the color of the day : beginning the use of the color of the day system .	episode_done:True
text:solar thermal power plants can generally be built in a few years because solar plants are built almost entirely with modular , readily available materials .	labels:these plants can generally be built in a few years because solar plants are built almost entirely with modular , readily available materials .	episode_done:True
text:daniel waters also gained recognition for his screenplay , which won a 1990 edgar award .	labels:daniel waters also won an award for his screenplay , which won a 1990 edgar award .	episode_done:True
text:the official municipality key , formerly also known as the official municipality characteristic number or municipality code number , is a number sequence for the identification of politically independent municipalities or unincorporated areas .	labels:the official municipality key , which used to be called the official municipality characteristic number or municipality code number , is a group of numbers used to tell the difference between different municipalities and areas .	episode_done:True
text:at least 537 deaths were blamed on hanna , primarily in haiti .	labels:at least 537 deaths have been blamed on hanna , most in haiti .	episode_done:True
text:the term most commonly refers to higher plants , but epiphytic bacteria , fungi -lrb- epiphytic fungi -rrb- , algae , lichens , mosses , and ferns exist as well .	labels:most of the time the term is used for higher plants , but bacteria , fungi , lichens , mosses and ferns that are epiphytes exist as well .	episode_done:True
text:in 2005 , stallone also inducted wrestling icon hulk hogan , who appeared in rocky iii as a wrestler named thunderlips , into the wwe hall of fame ; stallone was also the person who offered hogan the cameo in rocky iii .	labels:in 2005 , stallone also inducted wrestling icon hulk hogan , who appeared in rocky iii as a wrestler named thunderlips , into the wwe hall of fame ; stallone was also the person who offered hogan the small part in rocky iii .	episode_done:True
text:even if a contribution violates the precise wording of a rule , it might still be a good contribution .	labels:even if a change violates the exact wording of a rule , it might still be a good change .	episode_done:True
text:they must try to find a way home by using plotholes to teleport between dimensional realms .	labels:they must try to find a way home by using " plotholes " -lrb- holes in the air -rrb- to move between worlds .	episode_done:True
text:when bonham carter was just five , her mother had a serious nervous breakdown , from which it took her three years to recover .	labels:when carter was 5 years old , her mother had a serious nervous breakdown , which took her three years to recover from .	episode_done:True
text:all members of this genus were once considered part of the same species , calomyscus bailwardi , but they are now referred to as separate species due to major differences in chromosome number , skull measurements , and other features .	labels:all animals in this genus were part of the same species before , calomyscus bailwardi , but they are now separate species because they have big differences in chromosome number , skull length and weight , and other differences .	episode_done:True
text:neodymium is a chemical element with the symbol nd and atomic number 60 .	labels:neodymium is a chemical element that has the symbol nd on the periodic table .	episode_done:True
text:more formally , vorticity can be related to the amount of " circulation " or " rotation " -lrb- or more strictly , the local angular rate of rotation -rrb- in a fluid .	labels:it can be related to the amount of " circulation " or " rotation " -lrb- or more strictly , the local angular rate of rotation -rrb- in a fluid .	episode_done:True
text:fluctuations of this line horizon describe all matter , so every elementary particle can be described by a mode of oscillation of a very small segment or loop of string .	labels:movements of this line horizon describe all matter , so every elementary particle can be described by a type of movement of a very small segment or loop of string .	episode_done:True
text:in biology and demography , fecundity is the potential reproductive capacity of an organism or population , measured by the number of gametes -lrb- eggs -rrb- , seed set or asexual propagules .	labels:in biology and demography , fecundity is the ability to reproduce of an organism or population , measured by the number of gametes -lrb- eggs -rrb- , seed set or asexual propagules .	episode_done:True
text:stone cold then dragged a referee into the ring , but in a swerve , kicked kurt angle in the face , hit him with a stunner , and placed booker t on top of kurt angle and told the referee to count .	labels:stone cold then dragged a referee into the ring , but then kicked kurt angle in the face , stunned him , and placed booker t on top of kurt angle and told the referee to count .	episode_done:True
text:in february 1942 , he was hospitalized , later claiming that this was due to a nervous breakdown connected with the ethnic cleansing in belarus , especially the genocide of the jews .	labels:in february 1942 , he was put into hospital , which he would later say was due to a nervous breakdown because of the ethnic cleansing in belarus , and the genocide of the jews .	episode_done:True
text:woodland may support an understory of shrubs and herbaceous plants including grasses .	labels:woodlands may support an under layer of shrubs , herbs , or grasses .	episode_done:True
text:it has a black bill , crimson eyes , and a call reminiscent of a dog 's bark .	labels:it has a black bill , crimson eyes , and a call that sounds like a dog 's bark .	episode_done:True
text:what the spaniards then called " chocolatl " was said to be a beverage consisting of a chocolate base flavored with vanilla and other spices that was served cold .	labels:what the spanish then called " chocolatl " was said to be a drink made of a chocolate base with vanilla and other spices that was served cold .	episode_done:True
text:some of the animals weighed as much as 700 kg -lrb- 1,500 lb -rrb- or possibly larger .	labels:some of the animals weighed as much as 700 kg -lrb- 1,500 lb -rrb- or more .	episode_done:True
text:these exist , conjoined with starch , in the endosperms of some grass-related grains , notably wheat , rye , and barley .	labels:these are , together with starch , in the endosperms of some grass-related grains , such as wheat , rye , and barley .	episode_done:True
text:eraldo pecci -lrb- born 12 april 1955 -rrb- is an italian former footballer .	labels:eraldo pecci -lrb- born 12 april , 1955 -rrb- is a former italian football player .	episode_done:True
text:the bells of lüdinghausen allegedly chimed by themselves , whenever liudger entered the town .	labels:the bells of lüdinghausen were said to chime by themselves , whenever liudger entered the town .	episode_done:True
text:a feast for crows is the fourth of seven planned novels in a song of ice and fire , an epic fantasy series by american author george r. r. martin .	labels:a feast for crows is the fourth of seven planned books in a song of ice and fire , a fantasy series written by george r. r. martin .	episode_done:True
text:food coloring is used both in commercial food production and in domestic cooking .	labels:food coloring is used both in commercial food production and in cooking at home .	episode_done:True
text:on the outbreak of war in august 1914 , the regiment went to france and was engaged in the early fighting .	labels:on the start of world war i in august , 1914 , his father went to france and took part in the early fighting .	episode_done:True
text:brunswick is an american city in the state of georgia and the seat of glynn county .	labels:brunswick is a city in the u.s. state of georgia and the county seat of glynn county .	episode_done:True
text:the color 's name is derived from the typical color of the beverage champagne .	labels:the color 's name is derived from the typical color of the drink champagne .	episode_done:True
text:references external links studylight version of the wycliffe bible -lrb- 1395 -rrb- searchable by phrase or chapter / verse reference .	labels:other websites studylight version of the wycliffe bible -lrb- 1395 -rrb- searchable by phrase or chapter / verse reference .	episode_done:True
text:it is an f-type asteroid , which means that it is very dark in colouring -lrb- darker than soot -rrb- with a carbonaceous composition .	labels:it is an f-type asteroid , which means that it is very dark in colouring -lrb- darker than soot -rrb- made up of carbonate .	episode_done:True
text:when disagreement occurs , explain yourself using talk pages , and give others the opportunity to do the same .	labels:think about using talk pages to explain , and give others the chance to do the same .	episode_done:True
text:this is a list of german chancellors since 1871 by longevity .	labels:this is a list of german chancellors since 1871 by age .	episode_done:True
text:thalassa is irregularly shaped and shows no sign of any geological modification .	labels:thalassa is not a sphere and shows no sign of any geological changes .	episode_done:True
text:introduction electrical energy conservation is an important element of energy policy .	labels:on a larger scale , energy conservation is an important element of energy policy .	episode_done:True
text:the film stars al pacino , john cazale , chris sarandon , james broderick , and charles durning .	labels:the stars of the movie are al pacino , john cazale , chris sarandon , and charles durning .	episode_done:True
text:he took to the bush a fortnight later , reportedly with some provisions , an iron pot , and a musket stolen from a marine named abraham hand .	labels:two weeks later he escaped into the bush , taking food , an iron cooking pot , and a musket -lrb- gun -rrb- taken from a marine named abraham hand .	episode_done:True
text:the band sought to recreate the recording experience of still life , and again entered the studio with minimal rehearsals , and no lyrics written .	labels:the band wanted to recreate the recording experience of still life , and again entered the studio with few rehearsals and no written lyrics .	episode_done:True
text:hartmann died from an aneurysm in 1873 .	labels:hartmann was only 39 when he died in 1873 .	episode_done:True
text:moreover he also unsuccessfully contested the saarbrücken constituency .	labels:he also stood in the saarbrücken constituency , but lost .	episode_done:True
text:today the garden is divided into sections containing the botanical school , gardens , ponds , greenhouses , and various buildings .	labels:today there are different sections in the garden containing the botanical school , gardens , ponds , greenhouses , and various buildings .	episode_done:True
text:athletic teams at the school are nicknamed the eagles .	labels:athletic teams at the school are known as eagles .	episode_done:True
text:pompeii was transformed into a much more public and open place .	labels:pompeii was changed into a much more public and open place .	episode_done:True
text:spurgeon was emotionally devastated by the event and it had a sobering influence on his life .	labels:spurgeon was hurt emotionally by the actions of these men , and it had a large influence on his life .	episode_done:True
text:the highest elevation in puerto rico , cerro de punta -lrb- 4,390 feet ; 1,338 m -rrb- , is located in this range .	labels:the highest point , called cerro de punta , is 4,390 feet -lrb- 1,338 meters -rrb- high above sea level .	episode_done:True
text:external links on a fad diet of rock dust , how the garden does grow henry homeyer , june 24 , 2004 , new york times .	labels:other websites on a fad diet of rock dust , how the garden does grow henry homeyer , june 24 , 2004 , new york times .	episode_done:True
text:health considerations early-term surgical abortion is a simple procedure which is safer than childbirth when performed before the 16th week .	labels:physical problems abortion is safer than childbirth , if it is done before the 16th week of pregnancy and a professional does the abortion .	episode_done:True
text:mattimeo is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1989 .	labels:mattimeo is a fantasy book written by brian jacques in 1989 .	episode_done:True
text:in addition to the town gouda in the netherlands , gouda can refer to : gouda -lrb- cheese -rrb- gouda -lrb- pottery -rrb- gouda -lrb- slang -rrb- gouda , south africa , a town in the western cape province of south africa .	labels:gouda can mean : gouda -lrb- town -rrb- a town in the netherlands gouda -lrb- cheese -rrb- gouda -lrb- pottery -rrb- gouda -lrb- slang -rrb- gouda , south africa , a town in the western cape province of south africa .	episode_done:True
text:tpl then sold a conservation easement over the entire property to the state of florida , while polk county purchased the gardens portion of the property , less the development rights conveyed in the state easement .	labels:tpl then sold a conservation access over the entire property to the state of florida , while polk county purchased the gardens portion of the property , less the development rights conveyed in the state agreement .	episode_done:True
text:the arrival of the two mice raises her morale .	labels:the arrival of the two mice gives her hope .	episode_done:True
text:the film premiered in mexico city on december 21 , 1944 .	labels:the movie premiered in mexico city on december 21 , 1944 .	episode_done:True
text:in common with the beatles , they came from liverpool and were managed by brian epstein .	labels:like the beatles , they came from liverpool and were also managed by brian epstein .	episode_done:True
text:warrington is a large town , borough and unitary authority area of cheshire , england .	labels:warrington is a large town and borough within the ceremonial county of cheshire , england .	episode_done:True
text:the province has an area of 3,125 km ² which is divided into eight administrative districts -lrb- arrondissementen -rrb- containing 64 municipalities .	labels:it has an area of 3,125 km ² which is divided into eight administrative districts -lrb- arrondissementen -rrb- containing 64 municipalities .	episode_done:True
text:helene transitioned into a " hybrid " storm with both tropical and extratropical characteristics that afternoon , with both a deep warm core and an asymmetric , frontal-like appearance .	labels:helene turned into a " hybrid " storm with both tropical and extratropical characteristics that afternoon , with both a deep warm core and an asymmetric , frontal-like appearance .	episode_done:True
text:some indigenous groups living in palm-rich areas use palms to make many of their necessary items and food .	labels:some peoples living in palm-rich areas use palms to make many of their necessary items and food .	episode_done:True
text:it has a shaving head consisting of cutters that cut off the hair entering the head of the razor at skin level .	labels:for head hair a slightly different type of electric razor is used to trim and cut hair from the head .	episode_done:True
text:bartolo believes that the count has been arrested , but almaviva only has to mention his name to the officer to be released .	labels:bartolo thinks that the count has been arrested , but almaviva tells the officer his real name and he is immediately released .	episode_done:True
text:apparently after her death , shah jahan went into secluded mourning for a year .	labels:effects after she died , shah jahan went into mourning for a year .	episode_done:True
text:since its creation , the distribution has become very different from slackware in most regards while still maintaining compatibility with its binary packages .	labels:since its creation , the distribution has become very different from slackware while still still being able to use its binary packages .	episode_done:True
text:it started as an unimportant race in 1996 , but because of the fast growing popularity of cycling in germany , it was made a part of the uci road world cup in 1998 .	labels:it started as an unimportant race in 1996 , but because cycling became very popular in germany it was made a part of the uci road world cup in 1998 .	episode_done:True
text:however , the mineralogy of the x-type asteroids is not known well enough to constrain this further .	labels:however , the mineralogy of the x-type asteroids is not known well enough to force this further .	episode_done:True
text:the county 's elevation decreases toward the east , with the lowest height in the siret river valley .	labels:the county is lower in the east , with the lowest point in the siret river valley .	episode_done:True
text:tresca alleged that , before she had disappeared , poyntz had talked to him about her disgust over joseph stalin 's great terror .	labels:tresca said that , before she had disappeared , poyntz had talked to him about her disgust over joseph stalin 's great terror .	episode_done:True
text:it was founded circa 1958 – 1959 by malaclypse the younger with the publication of its principal text , the principia discordia .	labels:it was founded around 1958 – 1959 by malaclypse the younger , who published its most important text : the principia discordia .	episode_done:True
text:by 2003 , the wi-fi alliance announced that wep had been superseded by wi-fi protected access -lrb- wpa -rrb- , which was a subset of then upcoming 802.11i amendment .	labels:by 2003 , the wi-fi alliance announced that wi-fi protected access -lrb- wpa -rrb- would replace wep , which was a subset of then upcoming 802.11i amendment .	episode_done:True
text:in faust 's study , the poodle transforms into the devil -lrb- mephistopheles -rrb- .	labels:in faust ’ s study , the poodle changes into the devil -lrb- mephistopheles -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:post-hardcore is a music genre that evolved from hardcore punk , itself an offshoot of the broader punk rock movement .	labels:post-hardcore is a musical genre that evolved from hardcore punk , itself a part of the broader punk rock movement .	episode_done:True
text:n-dubz are a mobo award winning hip hop group from london , based around camden town .	labels:n-dubz is a british hip hop group based in camden town in greater london .	episode_done:True
text:in the 1935 – 36 season , thompson became the first goaltender to get an assist by intentionally passing the puck with his stick to a fellow player .	labels:he was the first goaltender in the nhl to record an assist by passing the puck with his stick to a player on his team .	episode_done:True
text:tazz defeated al snow -lrb- 5:20 -rrb- tazz forced snow to submit with the tazzmission .	labels:tazz beat al snow -lrb- 5:20 -rrb- tazz forced snow to submit with the tazzmission .	episode_done:True
text:it is situated in the southeastern part of the state , on the shore of a lake called the tollensesee -lrb- 18 km ² -rrb- .	labels:it is in the southeastern part of the state , at the shore of a lake called the tollensesee .	episode_done:True
text:as well as current kit sponsors for bayern munich , ferencvárosi tc , and west bromwich albion , t-mobile were co-sponsors of everton with the one2one brand and they also sponsored the 2002 fa youth cup final .	labels:as well as footbal kit sponsors for fc bayern munich , ferencvárosi tc , the blues city , borehamwood and west bromwich albion , t-mobile is also a sponsor of several sports events , some of which carry the company name .	episode_done:True
text:the bridge now traverses the tarn valley above its lowest point , linking two limestone plateaux , the causse du larzac and the causse rouge , and is inside the perimeter of the grands causses regional natural park .	labels:the bridge now traverses the tarn valley above its lowest point , linking the causse du larzac to the causse rouge , and is inside the perimeter of the grands causses regional natural park .	episode_done:True
text:the name was announced as thrym in iau circular 8177 .	labels:the name was said as thrym in iau circular 8177 .	episode_done:True
text:in christianity , an archbishop is an elevated bishop .	labels:in christianity , an archbishop is an important bishop .	episode_done:True
text:it is found mainly in papua new guinea at elevations between 2000 and 3000 meters .	labels:it is found mainly in papua new guinea between 2000 and 3000 meters above sea level .	episode_done:True
text:iridophores are plates of chitin or protein , which can reflect the environment around a cuttlefish .	labels:iridophores are plates of chitin or protein , which can reflect the area around a cuttlefish .	episode_done:True
text:it comprises the eastern half of the island of timor , the nearby islands of atauro and jaco , and oecussi-ambeno , an exclave on the northwestern side of the island , within indonesian west timor .	labels:it is on the eastern side of the island of timor , and also the smaller islands of atauro and jaco , and a small area , named oecussi-ambeno , inside the west side of timor .	episode_done:True
text:the track , then known as " loving you " , was largely improvisational and featured a wealth of sound effects and samples from science fiction radio plays , nature sounds , and minnie riperton 's " lovin ' you " .	labels:the song , then known as " loving you " , was made quickly with many sound effects and samples from science fiction radio plays , nature sounds , and minnie riperton 's " lovin ' you " .	episode_done:True
text:order # 56 / cmln of 20 october 1973 prescribed the coat of arms of the republic of mali .	labels:on 20 october , 1973 , the coat of arms of the republic of mali was made .	episode_done:True
text:serbian ruler stefan nemanja begins his sole reign .	labels:serbian ruler stefan nemanja begins to rule alone .	episode_done:True
text:since independence , botswana has had one of the fastest growth rates in per capita income in the world .	labels:the people of botswana have had the world 's fastest growth in standard of living since that time .	episode_done:True
text:they provide many desirable characteristics for use as ornament , timber , firewood and pulpwood .	labels:they provide many uses , such as planting in parks and gardens , timber , firewood and pulpwood .	episode_done:True
text:the state covers an area of 74,122 sq mi -lrb- 191,976 km ² -rrb- , or 5.83 % of the total geographical area of india .	labels:it has an area of 74,122 sq mi -lrb- 191,976 km ² -rrb- , it is bigger than syria but smaller than senegal .	episode_done:True
text:the petitions at the end of the hymn -lrb- beginning salvum fac populum tuum -rrb- are a selection of verses from the book of psalms , appended subsequently to the original hymn .	labels:the petitions at the end of the hymn -lrb- beginning salvum fac populum tuum -rrb- are from verses from the book of psalms , added to the original hymn later on .	episode_done:True
text:louis xiii -lrb- 27 september 1601 – 14 may 1643 -rrb- reigned as king of france and navarre from 1610 to 1643 .	labels:louis xiii of france -lrb- 27 september 1601 – 14 may 1643 -rrb- was king of france from 1610 to 1643 .	episode_done:True
text:economy the majority of the residents of marske do not work within the town , but work in nearby industry or in middlesbrough or redcar .	labels:economy most of the people who live in marske do not work in the village , but work in the nearby factory or in middlesbrough or redcar .	episode_done:True
text:soon after , he released a cover version of leo sayer 's when i need you as a single , which reached number 5 in the british charts , as well as a follow up single called no matter what i do , which reached number 23 .	labels:soon after , he made a cover of leo sayer 's when i need you as a single , which went to number 5 in the british charts , as well as another song called no matter what i do , which reached number 23 .	episode_done:True
text:palestinian prime minister abbas resigns -lrb- cnn -rrb- before being named prime minister , abbas led the plo 's negotiations affairs department .	labels:before becoming prime minister , abbas led the negotiations affairs department of the palestine liberation organization -lrb- plo -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:in 1824 , van diemen 's land became a colony in its own right .	labels:in 1824 , van diemen 's land became an independent colony .	episode_done:True
text:he is released back into the wild , now with more adult feathers , and a tracking device strapped to his back , and leads the humans home to his native colony .	labels:after a large crowd gathers to watch him , he is released back to the wild with a tracking device and leads the humans back to his colony .	episode_done:True
text:he also serves as music director of the mozart orchestra of bologna , italy .	labels:he is also music director of the mozart orchestra of bologna , italy .	episode_done:True
text:in addition to selling conventional merchandise , j. c. penney stores often house several leased departments such as sephora , optical , portrait studios , jewelry & watch repair , etc .	labels:in addition to sale of conventional merchandise , jcpenney stores are often home to several leased departments such as optical , portrait studios , jewelry & watch repair , etc .	episode_done:True
text:in india , it is more often called the chaldean syrian church .	labels:in india , it is known as the chaldean syrian church .	episode_done:True
text:in 1843 , john couch adams calculated the orbit of a hypothesized eighth planet that would account for uranus 's motion .	labels:in 1843 , john couch adams calculated the orbit of an eighth planet that would possibly be influencing the orbit of uranus .	episode_done:True
text:nevin returned to america in 1887 , and took up his residence in boston , where he taught and played at occasional concerts .	labels:in 1887 he went back to america and lived in boston , where he taught and played in some concerts .	episode_done:True
text:a photograph of simon rodia is included on the cover of the beatles ' album sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band , released in 1967 .	labels:trivia rodia is one of the famous people seen on the cover of the beatles , sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band album .	episode_done:True
text:the mercenaries encounter ripley , and their youngest member call -lrb- winona ryder -rrb- recognizes her name .	labels:their youngest member call -lrb- winona ryder -rrb- recognizes her name and tries to kill ripley .	episode_done:True
text:the low gradually became better organized and was determined to have become a tropical depression the next morning while located 50 mi -lrb- 80 km -rrb- northeast of the nicaragua / honduras border .	labels:the low slowly became better organized and was thought to have turned into a tropical depression the next morning while it was 50 mi -lrb- 80 km -rrb- northeast of the nicaragua / honduras border .	episode_done:True
text:lot-et-garonne is a department in the southwest of france named after the lot and garonne rivers .	labels:lot-et-garonne is a department located in the southwest of france in the aquitaine region .	episode_done:True
text:education from 1954 to 1957 , annan attended the elite mfantsipim school , a methodist boarding school in cape coast founded in the 1870s .	labels:in 1954 , annan attended mfantsipim school , an elite methodist boarding school in central ghana established under british rule .	episode_done:True
text:obsidian has been used in cardiac surgery , as well-crafted obsidian blades have a cutting edge many times sharper than high-quality steel surgical scalpels , with the edge of the blade being only about 3 nanometres wide .	labels:obsidian is used in heart surgery , as well-crafted obsidian blades have a cutting edge many times sharper than high-quality steel surgical scalpels , with the edge of the blade being only about 3 nm wide .	episode_done:True
text:after napier initially gained military control of the region by forcing an agreement with the sindh amirs , his forces attacked the fortress at imamgarh .	labels:after napier first gained military control of the region by forcing an agreement with the sindh amirs , his forces attacked the fortress at imamgarh .	episode_done:True
text:some of his aggressive actions , now sometimes termed liberal interventionist , were greatly controversial at the time , and remain so today .	labels:some of his actions , now sometimes termed liberal interventionist , were not liked by a lot of people at the time .	episode_done:True
text:cultivation of the valencia in orange county had all but ceased by the mid-1990s due to rising property costs , which drove most of what remained of the southern california orange industry into florida .	labels:cultivation of the valencia in orange county had stopped by the mid-1990s because of rising property costs , which caused what remained of the southern california orange industry to move to florida .	episode_done:True
text:the buildings in bayeux were virtually untouched during the battle of normandy , the german forces being fully involved in defending caen from the allies .	labels:the buildings were n't damaged much during the battle of normandy as the german forces were defending caen at the same time .	episode_done:True
text:first fleet is the name given to the 11 ships which sailed from great britain on 13 may 1787 with about 1,487 people to establish the first european colony in new south wales .	labels:the first fleet is the name given to the 11 ships which sailed from great britain on 13 may 1787 to start the first european colony in new south wales .	episode_done:True
text:trigonometric functions are important in the study of triangles and modeling periodic phenomena , among many other applications .	labels:they are functions of an angle ; they are important when studying triangles , among many other applications .	episode_done:True
text:among this group are species with some of the most potent venoms of all snakes .	labels:among this group are species with some of the most potent poisons of all snakes .	episode_done:True
text:he was considered by many to be a saint .	labels:many people thought him to be a saint .	episode_done:True
text:at the height of its glory , ani had a population of 100,000 - 200,000 people and was the rival of constantinople , baghdad and cairo .	labels:at the height of its great times , ani had a population of 100,000 - 200,000 people and was the rival of constantinople , baghdad and cairo .	episode_done:True
text:as demand for coal slipped following world war ii , mines began to close across the region , causing mass unemployment .	labels:as demand for coal fell after world war ii , mines began to close across the region , causing mass unemployment .	episode_done:True
text:donald became the most popular of the disney characters in scandinavia .	labels:donald duck is one of the most popular cartoon characters in the world .	episode_done:True
text:compared with other species , human childbirth is dangerous .	labels:unlike most other animals human childbirth is quite dangerous .	episode_done:True
text:the family moved to vienna in 1907 where it changed the czech slavic name of " zajtich " to the invented german " seyss-inquart " .	labels:the family moved to vienna in 1907 where they changed the czech slavic name of " zajtich " to the german " seyß-inquart " .	episode_done:True
text:paul gray -lrb- # 2 -rrb- active : 1995 – present instruments : bass , backing vocals release contributions : all slipknot releases paul gray was a member of the original band formed in 1995 .	labels:paul gray -lrb- # 2 -rrb- active : 1995 – present plays : bass , backing vocals performed in : all slipknot albums paul gray was a member of the original band formed in 1995 .	episode_done:True
text:in contrast to the hollywood portrait of schizophrenics , mentally ill people are essentially no more prone to violence than sane individuals .	labels:in contrast to the hollywood portrait of schizophrenics , disturbed people are commonly no more prone to violence than sane individuals .	episode_done:True
text:the lion king 1 ½ -lrb- also known as the lion king 3 : hakuna matata in some countries -rrb- is an american direct-to-video animated film released by walt disney home entertainment on february 10 , 2004 .	labels:the lion king 1 ½ -lrb- also known as the lion king 3 : hakuna matata in some countries -rrb- is the prequel to the lion king made by the walt disney company .	episode_done:True
text:this era coincided with the medieval warm period -lrb- 800 1300 -rrb- and stopped with the start of the little ice age -lrb- about 1250 1850 -rrb- .	labels:this era was at the same time as the medieval warm period -lrb- 800 – 1300 -rrb- and stopped with the start of the little ice age -lrb- about 1250 – 1850 -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:bagnotar is one of the 51 union councils of abbottabad district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .	labels:bagnotar is a union council of abbottabad district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .	episode_done:True
text:the first driver to win multiple championships was alberto ascari , in 1952 and 1953 .	labels:the first driver to win more then one championship was alberto ascari , in 1952 and 1953 .	episode_done:True
text:adam smith , a graduate student of the college , is perhaps its best known alumnus .	labels:adam smith , a graduate student of the college , is one of its best known students .	episode_done:True
text:a bulldog , also known as british bulldog or english bulldog , is a breed of dog which traces its ancestry to england .	labels:the bulldog , known as the british bulldog or english bulldog , is a medium-size breed of dog that originated in england .	episode_done:True
text:the relocation process has not yet been completed , and dar es salaam remains tanzania 's primary city .	labels:this has not yet been completed , and dar es salaam is still tanzania 's primary city .	episode_done:True
text:it is one of the nine species of leaf-eating kangaroos identified in fossils found in the naracoorte caves national park .	labels:it is one of the nine types of leaf-eating kangaroos found as fossils in the naracoorte caves national park .	episode_done:True
text:pakistan 's founder muhammad ali jinnah expressed admiration for turkey 's founding leader mustafa kemal atatürk and expressed a desire to develop pakistan on the turkish model of modernism and secularism .	labels:pakistan 's founder muhammad ali jinnah and the former president of pakistan pervez musharraf had expressed a desire to develop pakistan on the turkish model of modernism and secularism .	episode_done:True
text:one half continued to race northward , affecting the central united states along its path , and was last distinguishable in the eastern great lakes region on august 31 .	labels:one half of the storm continued to race northward , affecting the central united states , and it was last noticeable in the eastern great lakes region .	episode_done:True
text:there are numerous legends about the origins of boxing in greece .	labels:many legends tell about the origins of boxing in greece .	episode_done:True
text:the city of sunderland has been commended several times on its commitment to preserving its natural faculties .	labels:the city of sunderland has been commended several times on its commitment to preserving its natural environment .	episode_done:True
text:after suffering from severe frostbite on the eastern front at the end of 1942 , he served as an offizier für wehrgeistige führung -lrb- political officer -rrb- at the antiaircraft artillery school in altenstadt , near schongau .	labels:he got severe frostbite on the eastern front at the end of 1942 , so he became an offizier für wehrgeistige führung -lrb- political officer -rrb- at the antiaircraft artillery school in altenstadt , near schongau , bavaria .	episode_done:True
text:the images taken after the probe 's landing show a flat plain covered in pebbles .	labels:pictures taken after the probe landed show a large flat area covered in pebbles .	episode_done:True
text:the third digit designates the government district -lrb- in areas without government districts a zero is used instead -rrb- .	labels:the third number say the government district -lrb- in areas without government districts a zero is used instead -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:vedic soma in the vedas , soma is portrayed as sacred and as a god -lrb- deva -rrb- .	labels:in the vedas , soma is both the sacred drink and also a god -lrb- deva -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:january 30 indian pacifist and leader mahatma gandhi is assassinated by nathuram godse .	labels:indian pacifist and leader mahatma gandhi is murdered by a hindu extremist .	episode_done:True
text:she first gained popularity in playboy , becoming the 1993 playmate of the year .	labels:she first became popular as playboy magazine 's 1993 playmate of the year .	episode_done:True
text:archers of loaf was an american indie-rock band originally from chapel hill , north carolina .	labels:archers of loaf was an indie rock band from chapel hill , north carolina , united states .	episode_done:True
text:to avoid adversaries from guessing the key using a brute-force attack , the key space is usually designed to be extremely large .	labels:to avoid attackers from guessing the key using a brute-force attack , the key space is usually designed to be very large .	episode_done:True
text:the first church of benrath was constructed in 1002 .	labels:the first church of benrath was built in 1002 .	episode_done:True
text:style in bruegel 's later years he painted in a simpler style than the italianate art that prevailed in his time .	labels:style in bruegel 's later years he painted in a simpler style than the italian art in his time .	episode_done:True
text:the corpses were often left decaying for months .	labels:the corpses were often left there for months .	episode_done:True
text:ecw background after world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- bought all of extreme championship wrestling -lrb- ecw -rrb- 's assets in 2003 , the company began releasing dvds promoting the original ecw .	labels:ecw background after world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- bought all of extreme championship wrestling -lrb- ecw -rrb- in 2003 , the company began releasing dvds showing the original ecw .	episode_done:True
text:while on vacation in london , fraser attended his first professional theatrical performance at the west end .	labels:when he was on vacation in london , fraser went to see his first show in the west end .	episode_done:True
text:it was discovered by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard et al .	labels:it was found by a team of astronomers from the university of hawaii led by scott s. sheppard et al .	episode_done:True
text:such is in addition , in the coats of arms of some neighboring places .	labels:such is in addition , in the coats of arms of some close places .	episode_done:True
text:his misadventures are often fueled by his immature mannerisms and his love of food .	labels:his actions are often caused by acting like a little kid and his love of food .	episode_done:True
text:this article covers the details of the preparations for hurricane katrina , a major category 5 hurricane that devastated parts of louisiana , mississippi , and alabama .	labels:this article covers the details of the preparations for hurricane katrina , a major category 5 hurricane that destroyed parts of louisiana , mississippi , and alabama .	episode_done:True
text:editors have so far released two platinum studio albums , selling over 2 million copies between them worldwide .	labels:editors have so far made two platinum albums , selling over two million copies around the world .	episode_done:True
text:the only known communal roost contained only four individuals .	labels:the only known group resting place has only four bats .	episode_done:True
text:scholarships , academic awards , flying eagle awards and improvement awards are given to students with outstanding academic achievements .	labels:the school gives the good students some awards , such as scholarships , academic awards , flying eagle awards and improvement awards .	episode_done:True
text:most australian external territories also observe different time zones .	labels:most australian external territories are in different time zones .	episode_done:True
text:the term was retroactively coined in contrast to reduced instruction set computer -lrb- risc -rrb- .	labels:the term is used in contrast to reduced instruction set computer -lrb- risc -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:alkaloids are produced by a large variety of organisms , including bacteria , fungi , plants , and animals and are part of the group of natural products -lrb- also called secondary metabolites -rrb- .	labels:alkaloids are made by a large variety of organisms , such as bacteria , fungi , plants , and animals and are part of the group of natural products -lrb- also called secondary metabolites -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:in 1833 parts of burke county and buncombe county were combined to form yancey county , and in 1838 the southern part of what was left of buncombe county became henderson county .	labels:in 1833 parts of burke county and buncombe county were combined to make yancey county , and in 1838 the southern part of buncombe county was made into henderson county .	episode_done:True
text:current awards are voted upon by the membership of the golden raspberry award foundation -lrb- graf -rrb- , and membership is openly available to the public , as opposed to the academy awards .	labels:today , awards are voted by the membership of the " golden raspberry award foundation " -lrb- graf -rrb- , and anyone can become a member of the foundation , something that does n't happen with the academy awards .	episode_done:True
text:the show enjoyed a revival on the game show network in 2002 , and was renamed whammy !	labels:the show came back on the air in 2002 on game show network as whammy !	episode_done:True
text:the town has a total population of 25,000 and is expected to become a major commercial center in concert with the development of the port of gwadar located nearly 80 km to the east .	labels:it has a population of 25,000 and it is expected to become a major commercial center in concert with the development of the port of gwadar located nearly 80 km to the east .	episode_done:True
text:with the modern era expansion in the 1967 – 68 season and the creation of the west division , the wales trophy was awarded to the team that finished in first place in the east division during the regular season .	labels:with the modern era expansion in the 1967-68 season and the start of the west division , the wales trophy was awarded to the team that finished in first place in the east division during the regular season .	episode_done:True
text:the city declined after the war and recovered its importance only in the nineteenth century , when it grew as an industrial center .	labels:the city became less important after this war , and only recovered in the nineteenth century , when it grew as an industrial centre .	episode_done:True
text:they manifest with either neurological complications or with skin problems -lrb- or occasionally both -rrb- .	labels:this will manifest in either skin problems , or some diseases of the nervous system , or both .	episode_done:True
text:the winner of the series advances to play the winner of the national league championship series in baseball 's championship , the world series .	labels:the winner of the series moves on to play the winner of the national league championship series in baseball 's championship , the world series .	episode_done:True
text:it grows out of the difficulties in assimilating the new culture , causing difficulty in knowing what is appropriate and what is not .	labels:it grows out of the difficulties in getting used to the new culture , causing difficulty in knowing what is appropriate and what is not .	episode_done:True
text:the name derives from the nahuatl word for the shrub , achiotl .	labels:the name comes from the nahuatl word for the shrub , achiotl .	episode_done:True
text:in particular , the ordination of a bishop is often called a consecration .	labels:the ordination of a new bishop is also called a consecration .	episode_done:True
text:the wheel of a ship is the modern method of adjusting the angle of the rudder , in turn changing the direction of the boat or ship .	labels:the wheel of a ship is the modern method of changing the angle of the rudder to change the direction of the boat or ship .	episode_done:True
text:she portrayed the character alexx woods , a medical examiner in the forensics-related drama csi : miami .	labels:she nows does the character alexx woods , a coroner on the cbs drama csi : miami .	episode_done:True
text:when the island reverted to complete spanish control , malabo was renamed santa isabel .	labels:when the island returned to spanish control , malabo was renamed santa isabel .	episode_done:True
text:76 this association has reinforced the fox 's supernatural significance .	labels:this role has reinforced the fox 's supernatural significance .	episode_done:True
text:stephanie marie mcmahon-levesque -lrb- born september 24 , 1976 -rrb- better known by her maiden name stephanie mcmahon , is world wrestling entertainment 's executive vice president , creative development & operations .	labels:stephanie marie mcmahon-levesque -lrb- born september 24 , 1976 -rrb- , better known as stephanie mcmahon , is the " executive vice president of talent and creative writing " for world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the same is true of apartheid-era south africa and of parts of europe at various time periods ; most notably under nazi germany 's third reich .	labels:the same is true of apartheid in south africa and of parts of europe at different time periods ; importantly under nazi germany 's third reich .	episode_done:True
text:hakob kojoyan assisted armenian architect alexander tamanian in creating the coat of arms for the democratic republic of armenia .	labels:hakob kojoyan helped armenian architect alexander tamanian in creating the coat of arms for the democratic republic of armenia .	episode_done:True
text:of the moons discovered by the voyager 2 imaging team , only puck was discovered early enough that the probe could be programmed to image it in some detail .	labels:of the moons found by the voyager 2 imaging team , only puck was found early enough that the probe could be programmed to take pictures of it in some detail .	episode_done:True
text:dennis lee hopper -lrb- born may 17 , 1936 -rrb- is an american actor , filmmaker and artist .	labels:dennis hopper -lrb- born may 17 , 1936 -rrb- is a american actor and movie-maker .	episode_done:True
text:preparations were pushed ahead for an armed revolt , and he was made commandant of the third battalion and adjutant of the dublin brigade .	labels:he was soon elected captain of the donnybrook company , then commandant of the third battalion and adjutant of the dublin brigade .	episode_done:True
text:natural ytterbium is a mix of seven stable isotopes .	labels:in nature it is found as a mix of seven stable isotopes .	episode_done:True
text:he took the post of chief conductor of the netherlands radio philharmonic in 1957 .	labels:he then became chief conductor of the netherlands radio philharmonic in 1957 .	episode_done:True
text:12-hour clock times end with dotted or undotted lower-case or , or or , which are spaced -lrb- or , not or -rrb- .	labels:12-hour clock times end with dotted or undotted lower-case a.m. or p.m. , or am or pm .	episode_done:True
text:birmingham is a city in van buren county , iowa , united states .	labels:birmingham is a city of iowa in the united states .	episode_done:True
text:coat of arms the coat of arms of the municipality are taken from the garbani , or garban family for its french and northern american branch , originating from the village and whose certain members illustrated themselves as magistrates and swiss statesmen .	labels:coat of arms the coat of arms of the municipality are taken from the garbani , or garban family for its french and northern american branch , starting from the village , who are people who sell things or people of power .	episode_done:True
text:davis was responsible for character design for both the pirates of the caribbean and haunted mansion attractions at disneyland .	labels:davis also did character design for both the pirates of the caribbean and haunted mansion attractions at disneyland .	episode_done:True
text:the old testament 's examples of killings sanctioned by god are often cited in defense of the view that " murder " is a more accurate translation .	labels:the many examples in the old testament of killing sanctioned by god , are quoted in defense of the view that " murder " is more accurate .	episode_done:True
text:the cilia of the respiratory epithelium move the particulate matter towards the pharynx where it is digested .	labels:the cilia move the mucus down the nasal cavity to the pharynx , where it can be swallowed .	episode_done:True
text:it had been intended to build the line past walthamstow central to wood street -lrb- walthamstow -rrb- , where it would surface to terminate next to the british railways station .	labels:it had been intended to build the line past walthamstow central to wood street -lrb- walthamstow -rrb- , where it would come above ground to terminate next to the british railways station .	episode_done:True
text:although alpha , beta , and gamma are most common , other types of decay were eventually discovered .	labels:alpha decay , beta decay and gamma decay are the most common types of radioactive decay .	episode_done:True
text:it is often useful to avoid words with strong connotations -lrb- especially disparaging ones -rrb- when striving to achieve a neutral point of view .	labels:it is often useful to avoid words with strong connotations -lrb- especially negative ones -rrb- when striving to achieve a neutral point of view .	episode_done:True
text:bergman stated that the film would be his last , and that afterwards he would focus on directing theatre .	labels:bergman said this would be his last movie , and that he would go on to direct theater .	episode_done:True
text:the term implies domination or humiliation of a rival , naone , erica -lrb- november 2008 -rrb- .	labels:it implies ownership , as in domination and humiliation of a rival .	episode_done:True
text:best before is usually advisory and refers to the quality of the product , in contrast with use by and best by which indicate that the product is no longer safe to consume after the specified date .	labels:best before is usually advisory and refers to the quality of the product , in contrast with use by which indicates that the product is no longer safe to consume after the specified date .	episode_done:True
text:it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of union sportive du foyer de la régie abidjan-niger .	labels:it is used mostly for football games and is the home stadium of union sportive du foyer de la régie abidjan-niger .	episode_done:True
text:they had extensive maritime trade contacts with the roman empire .	labels:they had extensive oversee trade contacts with the roman empire .	episode_done:True
text:this was an extremely controversial stance within the largely pacifist greens , because it meant that , for the first time since world war ii , german soldiers would actively participate in combat .	labels:this was very extremely controversial within the largely pacifist green party , because it meant that , for the first time since world war ii , german soldiers would actively go into combat .	episode_done:True
text:a similar disclosure had occurred earlier with rc4 .	labels:a similar post had occurred earlier with rc4 .	episode_done:True
text:heaven 's gate was an american ufo cult based in san diego , california and led by marshall applewhite -lrb- 1931-1997 -rrb- and bonnie nettles -lrb- 1927-1985 -rrb- .	labels:heaven 's gate was the name of a ufo group led by marshall applewhite and bonnie nettles , until their deaths .	episode_done:True
text:wwe then holds a special wrestling show in an open field , with the troop members in attendance for free .	labels:they hold a televised episode of raw on an open field for any troop member to attend for free .	episode_done:True
text:following the death of his father wossen seged , sahle selassie arrives at the capital qundi before his other brothers , and is made meridazmach of shewa .	labels:after the death of his father wossen seged , sahle selassie arrives at the capital qundi before his other brothers , and is made meridazmach of shewa .	episode_done:True
text:it is often responsible for adverse weather throughout the world .	labels:it is mostly responsible for the bad weather throughout the world .	episode_done:True
text:it is the fastest growing census division in canada , expected to surpass 1.5 million residents by 2031 .	labels:it is the fastest growing region in canada and it is expected to grow to more than 1.5 million people by 2031 .	episode_done:True
text:she is the younger sister of singer / songwriter britney spears .	labels:she is the younger sister of pop singer britney spears .	episode_done:True
text:rick is portrayed as unlikeable and so self-absorbed that he believes he is the " most popular member of the flat " even though his housemates hate him .	labels:rick is unlikeable , and so selfish that he believes he is the " most popular member of the flat " even though his housemates really hate him .	episode_done:True
text:taxis are available from hotels and a taxi rank on presidential way , north of city centre shopping centre .	labels:people can get taxis from hotels and a taxi lane on presidential way , north of city centre shopping centre .	episode_done:True
text:if he does n't like the way a relationship is going , he tries to " fizzle " things out .	labels:if he does n't like how a relationship is going , he tries to " fizzle " things out .	episode_done:True
text:the following two years , the raiders again won western division titles , only to lose the afl championship to the eventual super bowl winners — the new york jets -lrb- 1968 -rrb- and kansas city chiefs -lrb- 1969 -rrb- .	labels:the next two years , the raiders again won western division titles , only to lose the afl championship to the eventual super bowl winners — the new york jets -lrb- 1968 -rrb- and kansas city chiefs -lrb- 1969 -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the most prominent among the latter were marcus junius brutus and gaius cassius longinus .	labels:some people who killed him were marcus junius brutus and gaius cassius longinus .	episode_done:True
text:most owners of zombie computers are unaware that their system is being used in this way .	labels:most owners of zombie computers do not know that their system is being used in this way .	episode_done:True
text:as well , art rock is " not so much for dancing as for listening and it often tells a story or there is a philosophical theme to the lyrics .	labels:also , it is not really music to dance to , but music to just listen to , and it often tells a story or has a philosophical theme to the lyrics .	episode_done:True
text:this page is about reflecting pools in general ; for the pools in washington , d.c. , see lincoln memorial reflecting pool and capitol reflection pool .	labels:this page is about all reflecting pools ; for the pools in washington , d.c. , go to lincoln memorial reflecting pool and united states capitol .	episode_done:True
text:history the district was created on june 12 1994 by merging the previous districts pasewalk , ueckermünde and part of the district strasburg .	labels:the district was created on june 12 1994 by joining the old districts of pasewalk , ueckermünde and part of the district strasburg .	episode_done:True
text:the temple of jupiter , capitolium , or temple of the capitoline triad was a temple in roman pompeii , at the north end of its forum .	labels:the temple of jupiter , capitolium , or temple of the capitoline triad was a temple in the roman city of pompeii in italy .	episode_done:True
text:edo consequently rapidly grew from what had been a small , virtually unknown fishing village in 1457 to a metropolis with an estimated population of 1,000,000 by 1721 , the largest city in the world at the time .	labels:edo consequently rapidly grew from what had been a small , virtually unknown fishing village in 1457 to a big city of 1,000,000 residents by 1721 , the largest city in the world at the time .	episode_done:True
text:they were built mainly by nations like germany during world war ii to protect important industries from aerial bombardment .	labels:they were built by nations during world war ii to help protect the important industries from getting bombed .	episode_done:True
text:a pestilence is any virulent and highly infectious disease that can cause an epidemic or even a pandemic .	labels:pestilence is a word that is used for any highly infectious disease that can cause an epidemic or even a pandemic .	episode_done:True
text:monica samille lewinsky -lrb- born july 23 , 1973 -rrb- is an american woman with whom then-united states president bill clinton admitted to having had an " improper relationship " while lewinsky worked at the white house in 1995 and 1996 .	labels:monica samille lewinsky -lrb- born july 23 , 1973 -rrb- is an american woman who , in 1997 , became famous for being part of a scandal between her and former president of the united states of america , bill clinton .	episode_done:True
text:the yellow disc represents the island 's history in phosphate mining .	labels:the yellow disc means the island 's history in mining .	episode_done:True
text:upon becoming a tropical cyclone , the depression maintained multiple cloud swirls within a common center .	labels:after becoming a tropical cyclone , the depression had many cloud swirls inside its common center .	episode_done:True
text:across the province , precipitation peaked at 5.9 inches -lrb- 150 mm -rrb- at whitbourne .	labels:in the province , rainfall peaked at 5.9 inches -lrb- 150 mm -rrb- at whitbourne .	episode_done:True
text:each city and commune has its own mayor -lrb- primar -rrb- and local council -lrb- consiliu local -rrb- .	labels:each of the communes has its own council that is led by a mayor .	episode_done:True
text:anglo-saxon buildings in britain were generally simple , constructed mainly using timber with thatch for roofing .	labels:anglo-saxon buildings in britain were generally simple , made from wood with thatch for roofing .	episode_done:True
text:the dominant food species were equines -lrb- equus ferus -rrb- and red deer -lrb- cervus elaphus -rrb- although other mammals ranging from hares to mammoth were also hunted , including rhino and hyena .	labels:the dominant food species were the wild horse -lrb- equus ferus -rrb- and red deer -lrb- cervus elaphus -rrb- although other mammals ranging from hares to mammoth were also hunted .	episode_done:True
text:such near-perihelion oppositions occur on a regular cycle every twenty-two years , with the last occurring in 1991 and the next in 2013 .	labels:such near-perihelion oppositions happen on a regular cycle every twenty-two years , with the last happening in 1991 and the next in 2013 .	episode_done:True
text:acting career chase 's big break came later in 2002 when she won the lead role as the voice of a hawaiian girl , lilo pelekai , in the disney animated feature , lilo & stitch .	labels:movie roles chase 's first movie role came in 1998 when she did the lead role as the voice of a hawaiian girl , lilo pelekai , in the disney animated movie , lilo & stitch .	episode_done:True
text:that is , the term is defined negatively and does not presuppose a genetic relationship .	labels:that is , the term is defined negatively and does not mean a linguistic relationship .	episode_done:True
text:track listing all tracks written by tim rice-oxley , tom chaplin , and richard hughes .	labels:song list all tracks written by tim rice-oxley , tom chaplin , and richard hughes .	episode_done:True
text:their match stemmed from the royal rumble , the pay-per-view event two months prior to wrestlemania .	labels:their match stemmed from the royal rumble , the pay-per-view event two months before wrestlemania .	episode_done:True
text:they had however been reinforced by a detachment of 32 grenadiers from one of the swiss mercenary regiments summoned to paris by the king shortly before 14 july .	labels:there was also an extra group of 32 grenadiers from one of the swiss mercenary regiments brought to paris by the king shortly before 14 july .	episode_done:True
text:cricket pitches the chain also survives as the length of a cricket pitch .	labels:it is also the length of the pitch , between the wickets , in cricket .	episode_done:True
text:the northern section of upper egypt , between el-ayait and sohag is sometimes known as middle egypt .	labels:the northern part of upper egypt , between el-aiyat and asyut is sometimes called middle egypt .	episode_done:True
text:it was built from 1961 to 1967 with funding from the world bank .	labels:the dam was built in 1967 with funding from the world bank .	episode_done:True
text:the static charges remain on an object until they either bleed off to ground or are quickly neutralized by a discharge .	labels:this electric charge remains on an object until they either flow into ground or lose their charge quickly by a discharge .	episode_done:True
text:in chemistry , a solution is a homogeneous mixture composed of two or more substances .	labels:in chemistry , a solution is a homogeneous mixture of one or more substances .	episode_done:True
text:greater hagerstown is the fastest growing metropolitan area in the state of maryland and among the fastest growing in the united states .	labels:it is the fastest growing metro area in the state of maryland and among the fastest growing in the united states .	episode_done:True
text:after he explored this region in 1614 , dutch fur traders sailed up the connecticut river -lrb- then known by the dutch as versche rivier - " fresh river " -rrb- and built a fort at dutch point near present-day hartford , which they called " house of hope " .	labels:after he explored this region in 1614 , dutch fur traders sailed up the connecticut river -lrb- named versche rivier by the dutch -rrb- and built a fort near present-day hartford , which they called " house of hope " -lrb- dutch : huys de hoop -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:he is sometimes credited with introducing skenographia , or scene-decorationaccording to vitruvius .	labels:he is said to have been the first to use skenographia , or scene-decorationaccording to vitruvius .	episode_done:True
text:the socratic method -lrb- or method of elenchus or socratic debate -rrb- , named after the classical greek philosopher socrates , is a form of inquiry and debate between individuals with opposing viewpoints based on asking and answering questions to stimulate rational thinking and to illuminate ideas .	labels:the socratic method -lrb- or method of elenchus or socratic debate -rrb- , named after the greek philosopher socrates , is a form of philosophical questioning in which the questioner explores the ideas of others ' positions , to stimulate rational thinking and illuminate ideas .	episode_done:True
text:ann arbor had set aside 40 acres -lrb- 16 ha -rrb- that it hoped would become the site for a new state capitol , but it offered this land to the university when lansing was chosen as the state capital .	labels:ann arbor had set aside 40 acres -lrb- 16 ha -rrb- that it hoped would become the site for a new state capitol , but it gave this land to the university when lansing was chosen as the state capital .	episode_done:True
text:in the philippines , oregano , plectranthus amboinicus , is not commonly used as a cooking ingredient but is primarily considered a medicinal plant , useful for relieving children 's coughs .	labels:in the philippines , oregano -lrb- coleus aromaticus -rrb- is not commonly used for cooking but is rather considered as a primarily medicinal plant , useful for relieving children 's coughs .	episode_done:True
text:on the afternoon of september 30 , laura had acquired enough tropical characteristics to be designated a tropical storm .	labels:on the afternoon of september 30 , laura had gotten enough tropical characteristics to be designated as a " tropical storm " .	episode_done:True
text:however , there are many compounds that are essentially , if not completely , insoluble in water .	labels:but there are many compounds that are essentially , if not completely , insoluble in water .	episode_done:True
text:an episode of due south , " dr. long ball " , was filmed at arnold anderson stadium in cockshutt park .	labels:part of due south , " dr. long ball " , was made at arnold anderson stadium in a park in brantford .	episode_done:True
text:he was initially offered a salary of $ 50,000 as well as a percentage of ownership of the company .	labels:at first he was offered a pay of $ 50,000 as well as a bit of ownership of the company .	episode_done:True
text:when the reichstag voted to repeal the budget , brüning had hindenburg dissolve the reichstag , just two years into its mandate , and reapprove the budget through the article 48 mechanism .	labels:when the reichstag voted to cancel the budget , brüning had hindenburg dissolve reichstag only two years into its mandate , and had the budget passed again by article 48 .	episode_done:True
text:fcw 's debut show was on june 26 , 2007 at tampa , florida 's dallas bull .	labels:fcw 's first show was on june 26 2007 at tampa , florida 's dallas bull .	episode_done:True
text:oxnard is the largest city in ventura county , california in terms of population .	labels:oxnard is the largest city in ventura county , california because of it 's population .	episode_done:True
text:on sunday , august 28 , canadian national railway -lrb- cn -rrb- suspended all rail traffic on its lines south of mccomb , mississippi -lrb- lines owned by its subsidiary illinois central railroad that extend into new orleans -rrb- , in anticipation of damage from the hurricane .	labels:on sunday , august 28 , canadian national railway -lrb- cn -rrb- stopped all rail traffic on its lines south of mccomb , mississippi , -lrb- lines owned by its subsidiary illinois central railroad that extend into new orleans -rrb- , expectating damage from the hurricane .	episode_done:True
text:initially about 30,000 people moved to the goldfields , but by 1863 this had declined to about 3,500 because of the difficult mining conditions .	labels:about 30,000 people moved to the goldfields , but by 1863 this had dropped to about 3,500 because mining the gold was too hard .	episode_done:True
text:beresford is a city in lincoln and union counties in the u.s. state of south dakota .	labels:beresford is a city in south dakota , a state of the united states of america .	episode_done:True
text:becker defeated jim courier in straight sets to win the 1992 year-end atp tour world championships in frankfurt .	labels:becker defeated jim courier in straight sets to win the 1992 association of tennis professionals tour world title .	episode_done:True
text:his detractors claim he suffered a nervous breakdown during the rising .	labels:his enemies claim he suffered a nervous breakdown during the rising .	episode_done:True
text:the wiic calls still reside in pittsburgh , but on a low-powered independent station airing music videos .	labels:the wiic is still used in pittsburgh , but on a smaller and less known channel showing music videos .	episode_done:True
text:these doppelgängers are typically , but not always , evil in some way .	labels:these doppelgängers are usually , but not always , bad in some way .	episode_done:True
text:initially the units were coupled cab-to-cab but it was found more practical to couple master nose to slave cab .	labels:at first the units were coupled cab-to-cab but it was easier to couple master nose to slave cab .	episode_done:True
text:unlike henry iii , agnes proved incapable of influencing the election of the new popes , stephen ix and nicholas ii .	labels:unlike henry iii , agnes could not influence the election of the new popes , stephen ix and nicholas ii .	episode_done:True
text:however , twofish has seen less widespread usage than blowfish , which has been available for a longer period of time .	labels:however , twofish is not widely used like the blowfish , which has been available for a longer period of time .	episode_done:True
text:leizu shared her discoveries with others and the knowledge became widespread in china .	labels:leizu shared what she found out with others and the knowledge became common .	episode_done:True
text:in 1961 , she made her metropolitan opera debut as aida ; the following year she made her debut at the royal opera house with the same role .	labels:in 1961 , she made her first appearance at the metropolitan opera as aïda and the next year she sang in the royal opera house in the same role .	episode_done:True
text:he was also commissioned in 1944 by yehudi menuhin to write a sonata for solo violin .	labels:he was also asked by yehudi menuhin to write a sonata for solo violin .	episode_done:True
text:historically mills were powered by hand -lrb- mortar and pestle -rrb- , working animal , wind -lrb- windmill -rrb- or water -lrb- watermill -rrb- .	labels:large grinding mills were usually powered by working animals , wind -lrb- windmill -rrb- or water -lrb- watermill -rrb- in the past .	episode_done:True
text:2005 according to chapters , jesus of nazareth gave this sermon -lrb- estimated around ad 30 -rrb- on a mountainside to his disciples and a large crowd .	labels:the sermon on the mount is a biblical speech by jesus of nazareth to his followers and a large group of people around ad 30 .	episode_done:True
text:election the president of the bundesrat usually is elected on the 1 november in a given year , and serves until the 31 october in the year that follows .	labels:election the president of the bundesrat usually is elected on the 1 november in one year , and serves until the 31 october in the next year .	episode_done:True
text:recovery russia bounced back from the august 1998 financial crash with surprising speed .	labels:despite this , russia came back from the august 1998 financial crash with speed .	episode_done:True
text:he has , however , managed to nail his own legs to a table , and knocked neil out during a game of cricket , albeit unintentionally .	labels:he has , however , managed to nail his own legs to a table , and accidentally knocked neil out during a game of cricket .	episode_done:True
text:species are native to tropical and subtropical regions of all continents in addition to the south west pacific and australasia .	labels:species grow naturally in tropical and subtropical regions of all continents in addition to oceania and australasia .	episode_done:True
text:ripley is a town in the amber valley area of derbyshire in england .	labels:ripley is a town in the english county of derbyshire in england .	episode_done:True
text:her mother was related to charles reade , a victorian novelist .	labels:her mother was related to charles reade , a 19th century novelist .	episode_done:True
text:in this respect , there is a striking parallel between the qing / koxinga situation and the current prc / roc situation .	labels:in this way , it is the same as between the qing / koxinga situation and the current prc / roc situation .	episode_done:True
text:geography unna is situated on the route of an ancient salt-trading route , the hellweg road .	labels:it is located on the route of an ancient salt-trading route , the hellweg road .	episode_done:True
text:games released by sunflowers include the anno series -lrb- anno 1602 , anno 1503 , and anno 1701 -rrb- , black sea studios ' knights of honor and sek 's paraworld .	labels:the company is known for the anno series -lrb- also by max design -rrb- , knights of honor -lrb- by black sea studios -rrb- and paraworld -lrb- by sek -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:consequently , he purposely filmed scenes with actors on the extreme edge of both sides so that they could only be shown in widescreen .	labels:because of this , he filmed scenes with actors on the edge of both sides so that they would have to show it that way .	episode_done:True
text:hence , this system is not an official tropical or subtropical cyclone of the 2006 pacific hurricane season .	labels:so this system is not an official tropical or subtropical cyclone of the 2006 pacific hurricane season .	episode_done:True
text:1979 to 1999 the jubilee line of 1979 was to be the first of four phases of the project , but lack of funds meant that no further progress was made until the late 1990s .	labels:the jubilee line of 1979 was to be the first part of the project , but because of the lack of money the line stayed the same until the late 1990s .	episode_done:True
text:scarborough railway station serves the seaside town of scarborough in north yorkshire , england .	labels:scarborough railway station is a railway station in scarborough , north yorkshire , england .	episode_done:True
text:within a decade of its inception , a & m became the world 's largest independent record company .	labels:success within 10 years of starting , a & m became the world 's largest independent record company .	episode_done:True
text:the two wavy lines above and below depict the two rivers which gave the district its name , the ruhr and the ennepe .	labels:the two wavy lines above and below are for the two rivers which gave the district its name , the ruhr and the ennepe .	episode_done:True
text:author , peter preuss , stated that the possum 's population faltered in 1997 with current habitat -lrb- limited to a 50-square-kilometre area -rrb- under threat from logging .	labels:author , peter preuss , said that the number of possums dropped in 1997 with their current habitat -lrb- limited to a 50-square-kilometre area -rrb- under threat from logging .	episode_done:True
text:unexpectedly , the german wehrmacht officers tended to him and sent him to a hospital .	labels:he expected to be badly treated , but the german officers sent him to a hospital .	episode_done:True
text:the monastery was entirely rebuilt by lord smbat of the house of orbelian , a branch of the liparitids who were expelled to armenia in the late 12th century from georgia .	labels:the monastery was all rebuilt by lord smbat of the house of orbelian , a branch of the liparitids who were removed to armenia in the late 12th century from georgia .	episode_done:True
text:a new frontal ridge had formed on august 17 which caused the storm to drift in a westerly direction .	labels:a new frontal ridge had formed on august 17 which caused the storm to slowly move in a westerly direction .	episode_done:True
text:in 1847 parts of caldwell county , iredell county , and wilkes county were combined to form alexander county .	labels:in 1847 parts of caldwell county , iredell county , and wilkes county were put together to make alexander county .	episode_done:True
text:much of the ministry of jesus occurred on the shores of lake galilee .	labels:much of the ministry of jesus was on the shores of lake galilee .	episode_done:True
text:about 2,000 to 3,000 cocoons are required to make a pound of silk .	labels:about 2,000 to 3,000 cocoons are needed to make a pound of silk .	episode_done:True
text:international english language testing system , is an international standardised test of english language proficiency .	labels:the international english language testing system -lrb- ielts -rrb- tests how good you are at english language .	episode_done:True
text:according to a letter sent to his church , he and his doctors believed that the cancer was fully treatable .	labels:according to a letter sent to his church , he and his doctors thought that the cancer was not a big problem .	episode_done:True
text:it is adjacent to lord wandsworth college .	labels:it is next to lord wandsworth college .	episode_done:True
text:it was to serve as an international auxiliary language , that is , as a universal second language , not to replace ethnic languages .	labels:the goal was , giving an international communication language , that is , as a universal -lrb- world -rrb- second language , not to replace national languages .	episode_done:True
text:he most recently worked with slipknot on their new fourth studio album titled all hope is gone .	labels:he recently worked with slipknot on their new fourth studio album called all hope is gone .	episode_done:True
text:mostly found in andhra pradesh also in orissa , tamil nadu and karnataka .	labels:they live in the sates of andhra pradesh , karnataka , kerala , and tamil nadu .	episode_done:True
text:many other authors of this period described eastern mediterranean cooking in greek and in latin .	labels:many other authors of this period explained eastern mediterranean cooking in greek and latin .	episode_done:True
text:the town was built on the mouth of a small tributary ; the high street once met the water at the top of the river .	labels:the town was built on the mouth of a small river ; the main road in the town once met the water at the top of the river .	episode_done:True
text:history u.s. president woodrow wilson first proclaimed an armistice day for november 12 , 1919 .	labels:the holiday was first created as armistice day in 1919 by president woodrow wilson .	episode_done:True
text:seventh son -lrb- 1987 -rrb- is an alternate history / fantasy novel by orson scott card .	labels:seventh son -lrb- 1987 -rrb- is an alternate history fantasy book written by orson scott card .	episode_done:True
text:hillary diane rodham clinton -lrb- , born october 26 , 1947 -rrb- is the 67th united states secretary of state , serving within the administration of president barack obama .	labels:hillary diane rodham clinton -lrb- born october 26 , 1947 -rrb- is the 67th and current united states secretary of state under president barack obama .	episode_done:True
text:however , the document is cherubino 's appointment to the army .	labels:however , the letter is cherubino 's appointment to the army .	episode_done:True
text:with an area of 11,980 km ² and 1.3 million inhabitants , upper austria is the fourth-largest austrian state by land area and third-largest by population .	labels:with an area of 11,980 km ² and 1.3 million people , upper austria is the fourth-largest austrian state by land area and third-largest by population .	episode_done:True
text:these books follow the fortunes of tamara and william swift , who first appeared in the bbc computer animated web movie ghosts of albion : legacy .	labels:these books follow the stories of tamara and william swift , characters from the bbc computer animated web movie ghosts of albion : legacy .	episode_done:True
text:how much less depends on the type of raid .	labels:this depends on the type of raid used .	episode_done:True
text:they currently play in the eastern division of the national conference .	labels:they now play in the eastern division of the national conference .	episode_done:True
text:the name is thought to be derived from greta river in cumberland , england .	labels:the name is thought to come from greta river in cumberland , england .	episode_done:True
text:his decision to cut the bridges on the han river prevented thousands of citizens from escaping communist rule .	labels:his decision to cut the bridges on the han river stopped thousands of people from escaping from the communists .	episode_done:True
text:economy and infrastructure the community is home to more than 600 businesses with well over 2,000 jobs .	labels:economy and infrastructure in elz thaere are more than 600 businesses with much more than 2,000 jobs .	episode_done:True
text:elin arrives at agnes 's house , mainly as an excuse to avoid going to a different party , where there will be a boy -lrb- johan -rrb- -lrb- mathias rust -rrb- she wants to avoid .	labels:elin arrives late at agnes 's house , mainly as an excuse to avoid going to a different party , where there will be a boy she wants to avoid .	episode_done:True
text:serpent is a symmetric key block cipher which was a finalist in the advanced encryption standard -lrb- aes -rrb- contest , where it came second to rijndael .	labels:serpent is a symmetric key block cipher which was the second finalist in the advanced encryption standard -lrb- aes -rrb- contest after rijndael .	episode_done:True
text:after 1627 , king louis xiii of france introduced the seigneurial system and forbade settlement in new france by anyone other than roman catholics .	labels:after 1627 , king louis xiii of france made a rule that only roman catholics could go to live in new france .	episode_done:True
text:assuming good faith does not prohibit discussion and criticism , but instead editors should not attribute the actions being criticized to malice unless there is specific evidence of malice .	labels:assuming good faith also does not mean that no action by editors should be criticized , but instead that criticism should not be attributed to badness unless there is specific evidence of badness .	episode_done:True
text:the album debuted at number 64 in the us , and number nine in sweden , higher than any previous opeth release .	labels:the album debuted at number 64 in the us , and number nine in sweden , higher than any other opeth release .	episode_done:True
text:in shinto , takama-ga-hara is the dwelling place of the kami .	labels:in shinto , takama-ga-hara is the place where the kami live .	episode_done:True
text:packagekit is an open source and free suite of software applications designed to provide a consistent and high-level front end for a number of different package management systems .	labels:packagekit is a free group of software applications designed to provide a consistent and high-level front end for a number of different package management systems .	episode_done:True
text:it appears to have lived in wetlands , using two fork-like incisors to shovel up reeds and sedges for food .	labels:it appears to have lived in wetlands , using two fork-like teeth to dig up reeds for food .	episode_done:True
text:the battle began a seven-year war which established the rhine as the boundary of the roman empire for the next four hundred years , until the decline of the roman influence in the west .	labels:the battle began a seven-year war which ended with the rhine as the boundary of the roman empire for the next four hundred years , until the decline of the roman influence in the west .	episode_done:True
text:this reflects the fact that the parliament 's president is not part of the executive branch but still ranks higher in -lrb- symbolic -rrb- importance than the chancellor .	labels:this is to show that the bundestag 's president is not part of the government but still ranks higher in importance than the chancellor .	episode_done:True
text:the exact nature of the transforming principle -lrb- dna -rrb- was verified in the experiments done by avery , mcleod and mccarty and by hershey and chase .	labels:the exact nature of the transforming principle -lrb- dna -rrb- was confirmed in the experiments done by avery , mcleod and mccarty and by hershey and chase .	episode_done:True
text:recuperating for months in a wheelchair , she continued singing to help pay her medical bills .	labels:she spent months in a wheelchair and kept singing to pay her hospital bills .	episode_done:True
text:he legally changed his name to robert dylan , and signed a management contract with albert grossman .	labels:his birth name was robert zimmerman , but he legally changed his last name to dylan .	episode_done:True
text:members of the decavalcante family believed themselves to be the inspiration for the dimeo family .	labels:members of the decavalcante family believed themselves to be the ones used for the dimeo family .	episode_done:True
text:sivry-rance is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .	labels:sivry-rance is a municipality found in the belgian province of hainaut .	episode_done:True
text:oliver cromwell attacked drogheda in 1649 slaughtering the royalist garrison -lrb- siege of drogheda -rrb- .	labels:oliver cromwell attacked drogheda in 1649 killing the royalist garrison -lrb- siege of drogheda -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:because it was a weak storm and never made landfall , cristobal 's effects were mostly limited to moderate rainfall .	labels:because it was a weak storm and never moved onto land , cristobal 's damages were mostly moderate rainfall .	episode_done:True
text:villeneuve-loubet is a commune in the alpes-maritimes department in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region in southeastern france .	labels:it is found in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur in the alpes-maritimes department in the south of france .	episode_done:True
text:the most dominant males can collect as many as 15-20 females to mate with .	labels:reindeer mate in october , and the males mate with as many females as possible .	episode_done:True
text:their unusual size is attributed to island gigantism , since there are no other carnivorous animals to fill the niche on the islands where they live , and also to the komodo dragon 's low metabolic rate .	labels:their large size is due to the fact that there are no other carnivorous mammals to fill the niche on the islands where they live , and also to the komodo dragon 's low metabolic rate .	episode_done:True
text:located in the constitution gardens , the reflecting pool is approximately 2,029 feet -lrb- 618 m -rrb- long and 167 feet -lrb- 51 m -rrb- wide .	labels:it is on the west side of the national mall , and is about 2,029 feet -lrb- 618 m -rrb- long and 167 feet -lrb- 51 m -rrb- wide .	episode_done:True
text:when he did tapasya and sadhana at bavania in gujarat , he was known as tallaiya baba .	labels:when he did spiritual practice at bavania in gujarat , he was known as tallaiya baba .	episode_done:True
text:she first rose to prominence as an academic , barrister , campaigner and member of the irish senate -lrb- 1969 – 1989 -rrb- .	labels:she she had been an academic , barrister , and member of the irish senate from 1969 to 1989 .	episode_done:True
text:boxing , amateur wrestling , puroresu , mixed martial arts and fencing are examples of combat sports .	labels:boxing , sport wrestling , mixed martial arts and fencing are examples of combat sports .	episode_done:True
text:the proportion of c-types may actually be greater than this , because c-types are much darker than most other asteroid types except d-types and others common only at the extreme outer edge of the main belt .	labels:the amount of c-types may actually be higher than this , because c-types are much darker than most other asteroid types except d-types and others common only at the extreme farther edge of the main belt .	episode_done:True
text:levon v lusignan of armenia is imprisoned for several years in cairo until a ransom is paid by king john i of castile .	labels:leo vi of armenia is imprisoned for several years in cairo until a ransom is paid by king john i of castile .	episode_done:True
text:however , by the close of the 19th century , the 9th edition was outdated and the britannica faced significant financial difficulties .	labels:however , at the end of the 19th century , the 9th edition was already too old and the britannica had many financial problems .	episode_done:True
text:music musical numbers follows is a listing of the thirty-three compositions written by members of the beatles that are heard on the soundtrack , in the order featured in the film .	labels:beatles songs featured in the movie this is a listing of the thirty-four songs written by members of the beatles that are heard on the soundtrack , in the order featured in the movie .	episode_done:True
text:on 8 november 1917 , lenin was elected the chairman of the council of people 's commissars by the russian congress of soviets .	labels:on november 8 , 1917 , lenin was chosen chairman of the council of people 's commissars by the russian soviet congress .	episode_done:True
text:brantridge park , balcombe , west sussex , england is one of the lesser royal residences .	labels:brantridge park is a former royal residence in balcombe , west sussex , england .	episode_done:True
text:following his success with star trek , he supplemented his income and showed continued support for his fans by making numerous public appearances .	labels:following his success with star trek , he showed a lot of support through the years for his fans by making many public appearances .	episode_done:True
text:since it formed at 36 ° n , this system is the northernmost formation in the eastern north pacific basin .	labels:because the storm formed at 36 ° n , this system is the northernmost formation in the eastern north pacific basin .	episode_done:True
text:while it is a self-contained story , the book continues and develops many of the themes touched on in the first book .	labels:while it is a separate story , the book continues and develops many of the themes shown in the first book .	episode_done:True
text:almost all weapons , vehicles , and interactive objects can be placed and moved on maps with forge .	labels:almost all weapons and objects in a level can be moved or deleted in forge mode .	episode_done:True
text:biography howard was born in stockport , cheshire , in england on december 7 , 1977 .	labels:howard was born in stockport , england and is left-handed .	episode_done:True
text:then , on december 21 , 1994 the volcano spewed gas and ash which was carried as far as 25 km -lrb- 16 mi -rrb- away by prevailing winds .	labels:on december 21 , 1994 the volcano threw out gas and ash which was carried as far as 25 km away by the wind .	episode_done:True
text:the term is applied both to routine weather variations and to extraordinary spells of heat which may occur only once a century .	labels:the term is used on both common weather changes and to very hot spells which may occur only once a century .	episode_done:True
text:u.s. involvement in the war comes to an end .	labels:united states part in the war comes to an end .	episode_done:True
text:he traveled over 200,000 miles , an incredible achievement for pre-aviation times .	labels:he traveled over 200,000 miles , and that was before the airplane was invented .	episode_done:True
text:the technique is credited to albert humphrey , who led a convention at stanford university in the 1960s and 1970s using data from fortune 500 companies .	labels:the technique was developed by albert humphrey , who led a research project at stanford university in the 1960s and 1970s using data from the fortune 500 companies .	episode_done:True
text:an organism that obtains carbon from organic compounds but obtains energy from light is called a photoheterotroph , while an organism that obtains carbon from organic compounds but obtains energy from the oxidation of inorganic compounds is termed a chemoheterotroph .	labels:an organism that eats other organisms but gets energy from light as well is called a photoheterotroph , while an organism that eats organic compounds but gets energy from the oxidation of inorganic compounds is caled a chemoheterotroph .	episode_done:True
text:altogether , the constellation contains about 50 galaxies observable through amateur telescope .	labels:the constellation has about 50 galaxies that can be seen with a small telescope .	episode_done:True
text:it was first released in japan for the nintendo 64 on april 14 , 2001 .	labels:it was only released on the nintendo 64 in japan in 2001 .	episode_done:True
text:the republican party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the united states , along with the democratic party .	labels:the united states republican party is one of the two biggest political parties in the united states of america .	episode_done:True
text:in the past 20 years or so , many new anchor designs have appeared .	labels:over the last 20 years , many new anchor designs have appeared .	episode_done:True
text:the armenian legion was established under the goals of the armenian national liberation movement and was an armed unit besides the armenian volunteer units and armenian militia during world war i which fought against the ottoman empire .	labels:the armenian legion was made for the goals of the armenian national liberation movement and was an armed unit besides the armenian volunteer units and armenian militia during world war i which fought against the ottoman empire .	episode_done:True
text:it is said to be electrogenic ; a fish that has the ability to detect electric fields is said to be electroreceptive .	labels:fishes that can generate such fields are said to be electrogenic , those that can detect them are called electroreceptive .	episode_done:True
text:he reigned from 1804 to 1824 .	labels:he ruled from 1804 to 1824 .	episode_done:True
text:a supermassive black hole is a black hole with a mass of the order of between 105 and 1010 solar masses .	labels:a supermassive black hole is a black hole with a mass that is between 105 and 1010 the mass of the sun .	episode_done:True
text:it was also on the london sunday times best-seller list for more than four years .	labels:this book was on the london sunday times bestseller list for over 4 years .	episode_done:True
text:legacy of kings in february 1998 , the recording of legacy of kings began .	labels:legacy of kings in february 1998 , they began recording legacy of kings .	episode_done:True
text:for example she frequently sings traditional songs with a piano accompaniment .	labels:for example she often sings traditional songs with just a piano .	episode_done:True
text:elizabeth ann smart -lrb- born november 3 , 1987 -rrb- is an american woman who was abducted from her salt lake city , utah bedroom on june 5 , 2002 at the age of 14 .	labels:elizabeth ann smart -lrb- born november 3 , 1987 -rrb- is a young american woman who was kidnapped from her home in salt lake city , utah on june 5 , 2002 .	episode_done:True
text:further , the term " the celsius or centigrade thermometer " was again used in reference to a particular type of thermometer at least as early as 1850 .	labels:the term “ the celsius or centigrade thermometer ” was again used to refer to a particular type of thermometer at least as early as 1850 .	episode_done:True
text:earth is the only place in the universe where life has been confirmed to exist .	labels:earth is the only place in the universe where life is known to exist .	episode_done:True
text:it consisted of the american , british , and french occupation sectors established in 1945 .	labels:it was the american , british , and french occupied sectors that were created in 1945 .	episode_done:True
text:origins initially a part of urartu , sophene became a province of the newly emerged ancient armenian kingdom of orontids around 600 bc .	labels:origin the first records show that it was part of urartu , later it became a province of the armenian kingdom around 600 bc .	episode_done:True
text:however , there are exceptions to this rule , such as defense rather than defence .	labels:however , this rule is not always followed , for example defense and not defence .	episode_done:True
text:all of the office 95 products have ole 2 capacity — moving data automatically from various programs — and powerpoint 7 shows that it was contemporary with word 7 .	labels:all of the office 95 products have ole 2 - moving data between many programs - and powerpoint 7 shows that it was as new as word 7 .	episode_done:True
text:littlest pet shop is a toy franchise owned by hasbro .	labels:littlest pet shop are a line of toys sold by hasbro .	episode_done:True
text:kievan rus ' ultimately disintegrated and the lands were divided into many small feudal states .	labels:kievan rus ' eventually broke up and the lands were divided into many small feudal states .	episode_done:True
text:occasionally , she starred in " maestro minnie " maestro minnie .	labels:she is also known as princess minnie and maestro minnie .	episode_done:True
text:seeds of several species are the source of the popular beverage coffee .	labels:seeds of this plant are the source of the beverage coffee .	episode_done:True
text:a medical emergency is an injury or illness that is acute and poses an immediate risk to a person 's life or long term health .	labels:a medical emergency is an injury or illness that poses an immediate threat to a person 's long-term health or life .	episode_done:True
text:some notable series that trace their look and feel to wizardry include the bard 's tale and might and magic .	labels:some notable series that are very much like wizardry include the bard 's tale and might and magic .	episode_done:True
text:backstory the general plot of the game is that a team of four , an alien , a human , an android , and a psionic , have left earth aboard a spacecraft on the basis of the planet 's imminent destruction .	labels:story the plot of the game is that a team of four , an alien , a human , an android -lrb- a robot -rrb- , and a psionic creature , have left earth in a spacecraft , because earth was going to be destroyed .	episode_done:True
text:eastman and kotik performed together extensively in the early to mid 1970s .	labels:eastman and kotik played together in the early to mid 1970s .	episode_done:True
text:prior to world war i , the near east referred to relatively nearby lands of the ottoman empire , middle east to northwestern south asia and central asia , and far east for countries along the western pacific ocean and countries along the eastern indian ocean .	labels:before world war i , the near east meant relatively nearby lands of the ottoman empire , middle east northwestern south asia and central asia , and far east countries along the western pacific ocean and countries along the eastern indian ocean .	episode_done:True
text:a considerable amount of research has been put into designs that avoid these delays as much as possible .	labels:a big amount of research has been put into designs that avoid these delays as much as possible .	episode_done:True
text:the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and retained its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland .	labels:the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and kept its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland .	episode_done:True
text:web colors are colors used in designing web pages , and the methods for describing and specifying those colors .	labels:web colors are colors used in designing webpages , and the ways for describing and listing those colours .	episode_done:True
text:the rotation period could not be estimated conclusively -lrb- best fit ~ 4 h -rrb- .	labels:the rotation period could not be estimated well -lrb- best fit ~ 4 h -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:rc4 was initially a trade secret , but in september 1994 a description of it was anonymously posted to the cypherpunks mailing list .	labels:rc4 was first created as a trade secret , but in september 1994 a description of it was posted to the cypherpunks mailing list .	episode_done:True
text:for example , 1.5 & times ; 30 -lrb- which equals 45 -rrb- will show the same result as 1,500,000 & times ; 0.03 -lrb- which equals 45,000 -rrb- .	labels:on a slide rule 1.5 × 30 -lrb- which equals 45 -rrb- will show the same result as 1,500,000 × 0.03 -lrb- which equals 45,000 -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of association sportive sonabel .	labels:it is used mostly for football games and is the home stadium of association sportive sonabel .	episode_done:True
text:it is the fourth metal gear game produced and directed by kojima and the direct sequel to metal gear solid .	labels:it is the 4th metal gear game produced and directed by kojima and the second to metal gear solid .	episode_done:True
text:his travel writings and his extensive diaries and correspondence have also been published .	labels:his travel writings and his diaries and letters have also been published .	episode_done:True
text:blade of fire is the second novel in stuart hill 's fantasy series , the icemark chronicles .	labels:blade of fire is the second book in stuart hill 's fantasy series , the icemark chronicles .	episode_done:True
text:the spanish did not manage to conquer the island until 1697 , after several attempts , that begun in 1629 , when they marched in , from corozal in belize , yucatán and alta verapaz , attacked via boats and destroyed it .	labels:the spanish were not able to conquer the island until 1697 , after several attempts , that begun in 1629 , when they marched in , from corozal in belize , yucatán and alta verapaz , attacked with boats , and destroyed it .	episode_done:True
text:meanwhile the kli has about 20 of those former beginners ' grammarians .	labels:today , the kli has about 20 of those former beginners ' grammarians .	episode_done:True
text:it formed on july 19 from a trough of low pressure off the southeast u.s. coast .	labels:it began on july 19 as a weather system away from the southeast u.s. coast .	episode_done:True
text:george bernard shaw -lrb- 26 july 1856 2 november 1950 -rrb- was an irish playwright .	labels:george bernard shaw -lrb- july 26 , 1856 - november 2 , 1950 -rrb- was an irish writer .	episode_done:True
text:a road movie set across canada , its tagline was they came .	labels:it is set across canada , its tagline was they came .	episode_done:True
text:8 flora -lrb- , -rrb- is a large , bright main belt asteroid .	labels:8 flora is a big , bright main belt asteroid .	episode_done:True
text:cocoa was an important commodity in pre-columbian mesoamerica .	labels:cocoa was an important product in pre-columbian mesoamerica .	episode_done:True
text:a game played in a browser is often called a browser-based game -lrb- bbg -rrb- .	labels:a browser game is a video game that is played on a web browser .	episode_done:True
text:his team had been vanquished in two consecutive games by the montreal canadiens in 1929 – 30 .	labels:his team had been beaten in two games in a row by the montreal canadiens in 1929 – 30 .	episode_done:True
text:this was a quite sensitive topic at the time , since poland was concerned that someday a german government would seek to reclaim some of this traditionally germany territory given to poland after world war ii .	labels:this was a very sensitive topic at the time as poland was concerned that one day a german government would lay claim to some of the territory germany lost after world war ii .	episode_done:True
text:many of these officers were black and had a fear that as they blended in very well they would be mistaken for a criminal by other police officers , especially in case of drawing their gun in an emergency .	labels:many of these officers were black and had a fear that as they looked like civilian homeless people that uniformed officers would think that they were criminals if they used their guns .	episode_done:True
text:the alabama state legislature formed additional counties from former indian lands as the indian removal act took effect and settlers populated different areas of alabama .	labels:the alabama state legislature made more counties from former indian lands as the indian removal act took effect and settlers populated different areas of alabama .	episode_done:True
text:established in 1892/93 , the sheffield shield is the premier domestic first class cricket competition in australia .	labels:the pura cup -lrb- formerly known as the sheffield shield -rrb- is a first class cricket competition in australia .	episode_done:True
text:he was a leading figure in the german political party alliance ' 90 / the greens , and according to opinion polls , he was the most popular politician in germany for most of the government 's duration .	labels:he was a leading figure in the german green party and according to opinion polls , he was the most popular politician in germany for most of the government 's duration .	episode_done:True
text:bonham carter will be starring alongside matthew macfadyen and denis lawson .	labels:carter is to be starring next to matthew macfadyen and denis lawson .	episode_done:True
text:genotype and mendelian inheritance the distinction between genotype and phenotype is commonly experienced when studying family patterns for certain hereditary diseases or conditions , for example , haemophilia .	labels:genotype and genetics the distinction between genotype and phenotype is commonly experienced when studying family patterns for certain hereditary diseases or conditions , for example , haemophilia .	episode_done:True
text:only the congress can pass changes to fifa 's statutes .	labels:only the congress can pass changes to fifa 's laws .	episode_done:True
text:between 1898 and 1901 he was a choral coach and subsequently an assistant conductor at the bayreuth festival .	labels:he helped opera singers to learn their music , and became assistant conductor at the bayreuth festival .	episode_done:True
text:the elements are thus distinguished : yang wood , yin wood , yang fire , yin fire , etc .	labels:the elements are named : yang wood , yin wood , yang fire , yin fire , and so on .	episode_done:True
text:the game includes elements of role-playing and business simulation games .	labels:the game includes features of role-playing and economic games .	episode_done:True
text:in 1974 he was tried and acquitted of participating in the raid that rescued baader .	labels:in 1974 he was tried and acquitted of taking part in the raid that rescued baader .	episode_done:True
text:spandau was given city rights in 1232 .	labels:it was given city rights in 1232 .	episode_done:True
text:max and moritz as well as many of his other picture stories are regarded as one of the main precursors of the modern comic strip .	labels:max and moritz as well as many of his other picture stories were early examples of the what became the modern comic strip .	episode_done:True
text:polydor records is a record label currently headquartered in the uk , and is a subsidiary of universal music group .	labels:polydor records is a record label currently based in the uk , and is a subsidiary of universal music group .	episode_done:True
text:he even envisioned centralized air conditioning that could cool entire cities .	labels:he even thought of centralized air conditioning that could cool entire cities .	episode_done:True
text:following the december 2007 decision by landlords , the vale of glamorgan council to terminate the £ 65,000 funding of the barry island railway , the society struggled to maintain a service .	labels:after the december 2007 decision by landlords , the vale of glamorgan council to end the £ 65,000 funding of the barry island railway , the society struggled to maintain a service .	episode_done:True
text:david w. dunham , the minor planet bulletin , volume 6 , p.13-14 -lrb- december 1978 -rrb- ads archive copy however , careful examination in 1993 , using the hubble space telescope , failed to locate a secondary .	labels:david w. dunham , the minor planet bulletin , volume 6 , p.13-14 -lrb- december 1978 -rrb- ads archive copy however , careful studying in 1993 , using the hubble space telescope , could not locate a moon .	episode_done:True
text:it was developed from farming land during the 1990s and early 21st century , and sits between the historic villages of mangotsfield and downend .	labels:it used to be just farming land between mangotsfield and downend , but in the 1990s houses , schools and shops were built .	episode_done:True
text:the valleys of the waimea river and its tributary , the makaweli river , were once heavily populated .	labels:lots of people used to live in the valleys of the waimea river and its tributary , the makaweli river .	episode_done:True
text:economy up to the 20th century nidwalden was dominated by agriculture .	labels:economy up to the 1900s , nidwalden was taken over by agriculture .	episode_done:True
text:fierce creatures is a 1997 comedy film .	labels:fierce creatures is a 1997 comedy movie .	episode_done:True
text:proteus is very cratered , showing no sign of any geological modification .	labels:proteus is very cratered , showing no sign of any geological changes .	episode_done:True
text:it also featured original ecw talent .	labels:it also had the first ecw talent .	episode_done:True
text:the city 's inca architecture , however , withstood the earthquake .	labels:the city 's inca architecture , however , survived the earthquake .	episode_done:True
text:jedin , 138 by specifying catholic doctrine on salvation , the sacraments , and the biblical canon , the council was answering protestant disputes .	labels:it stated current catholic doctrines on salvation , the sacraments , and the biblical canon , it answered all protestant disputes .	episode_done:True
text:turkestan -lrb- literally meaning " land of the turks " -rrb- is a region in central asia , which today is largely inhabited by turkic peoples .	labels:turkestan -lrb- also spelled as turkistan or türkistan -rrb- means " land of the turks " , and is a region in central asia .	episode_done:True
text:on april 7 , 2004 , messing gave birth to their son , roman walker zelman .	labels:on april 7 , 2004 , messing gave birth to a son , roman walker zelman .	episode_done:True
text:in 1887 , was reorganized into a stock company .	labels:in 1887 , vacheron constantin became a stock company .	episode_done:True
text:cheaha mountain , often called mount cheaha , is the highest point in the u.s. state of alabama .	labels:cheaha mountain , often called mount cheaha , is the tallest point in the state of alabama .	episode_done:True
text:their sound can be described as celtic folk metal with melodic death metal influences .	labels:their style is a mixture of celtic folk metal and melodic death metal .	episode_done:True
text:the former location of the fort is currently called the place de la bastille .	labels:the site of the bastille is now called the place de la bastille .	episode_done:True
text:pueblos are traditional communities of native americans in the southwestern united states of america .	labels:pueblo are a group of native americans that live in the southwestern part of the united states .	episode_done:True
text:cash transactions are rounded to the nearest five cents .	labels:cash sales are made to the nearest five cents .	episode_done:True
text:this advanced protocol will not work with some older network cards .	labels:this is more secure , but it may not work with some older cards .	episode_done:True
text:by the age of 21 , he was already recognized for composing more than 200 songs .	labels:by the age of 21 , he was already well-known for composing more than 200 songs .	episode_done:True
text:waterson took the labour whip in parliament .	labels:all of them took the labour whip .	episode_done:True
text:the cyclone continued tracking northwestward , making landfall around 0000 utc on september 22 near fort walton beach , florida with winds of 35 mph -lrb- 55 km / h -rrb- .	labels:the cyclone continued moving northwestward , making landfall around 0000 utc on september 22 near fort walton beach , florida with winds of 35 mph -lrb- 55 km / h -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:poutrincourt 's son bequeathed the settlement to charles de saint-étienne de la tour upon his own death in 1623 .	labels:poutrincourt 's son gave the settlement to charles de saint-étienne de la tour upon his own death in 1623 .	episode_done:True
text:the first minaret was constructed in 665 in basra during the reign of the umayyad caliph muawiyah i. muawiyah encouraged the construction of minarets , as they were supposed to bring mosques on par with christian churches with their bell towers .	labels:the first minaret was built in 665 in basra during the reign of the umayyad caliph muawiyah i. muawiyah encouraged the building of minarets , as they were supposed to be the same as bell towers on christian churches .	episode_done:True
text:he was offered a fulbright scholarship in 1965 to study in the united states .	labels:he was given a fulbright scholarship in 1965 , to study in the united states .	episode_done:True
text:the clinic was very modern and remained in the control of the binswanger family for nearly 120 years .	labels:the clinic was very modern and stayed in the control of the binswanger family for nearly 120 years .	episode_done:True
text:the show expanded from a half-hour in length to one hour starting on december 1 , 1975 .	labels:the show went from a half-hour in length to one hour starting on december 1 1975 .	episode_done:True
text:through a business connection , he was introduced to mary parent with universal pictures , who immediately signed on after watching the episodes on dvd .	labels:he was introduced to mary parent with universal pictures , who agreed to make the movie after watching the episodes on dvd .	episode_done:True
text:after gathering a list of names from fans and conducting an online poll , the feature was named ecw x-stream on october 31 , 2007 .	labels:after making a list of names from fans and conducting an online poll , the feature was named ecw x-stream on october 31 2007 .	episode_done:True
text:brusque is a city of 94,962 inhabitants in santa catarina , brazil .	labels:brusque is a city of the santa catarina state , in brazil .	episode_done:True
text:the medal was first awarded in 1902 to j. j. thomson " for his numerous contributions to electric science , especially in reference to the phenomena of electric discharge in gases " , and has since been awarded 105 times .	labels:the medal was first given to j. j. thomson in 1902 " for his numerous contributions to electric science , especially in reference to the phenomena of electric discharge in gases " , and has been awarded 105 more times .	episode_done:True
text:the satellite has been given the provisional designation s / 2003 -lrb- 130 -rrb- 1 .	labels:the moon has been given the provisional designation s / 2003 -lrb- 130 -rrb- 1 .	episode_done:True
text:he was one of the most influential madrigalist in the middle of the 16th century .	labels:he was one of the most important composer of madrigals in the 16th century .	episode_done:True
text:tzu chi was the first force from outside the people 's republic of china to join the rescue effort .	labels:this was the first force from outside the people 's republic of china to join the rescue effort .	episode_done:True
text:the eared seals or otariids are marine mammals in the family otariidae , one of three groupings of pinnipeds .	labels:the eared seals or otariids are marine mammals of the family otariidae , one of the three pinniped families .	episode_done:True
text:it consists of the red cross of saint george -lrb- patron saint of england -rrb- , edged in white , superimposed on the cross of st patrick -lrb- patron saint of ireland -rrb- , which are superimposed on the saltire of saint andrew -lrb- patron saint of scotland -rrb- .	labels:it has the red cross of saint george -lrb- patron saint of england -rrb- , edged in white , on top of the cross of saint patrick -lrb- patron saint of ireland -rrb- , which are on the saltire of saint andrew -lrb- patron saint of scotland -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:with the help of an albatross named orville , the mice fly to the bayou , and meet a dragonfly named evinrude , who speeds them in a leaf to the ship where penny is held .	labels:with the help of an albatross named orville , the mice fly to the bayou , and meet a dragonfly named evinrude , who takes them in a leaf to the ship where penny is held .	episode_done:True
text:her follow-up single " girlfriend " also debuted at number one and her first album , honey to the b -lrb- released immediately afterwards -rrb- debuted at number 14 in the uk album charts .	labels:her follow-up single " girlfriend " also started at number one and her first album , honey to the b -lrb- released immediately afterwards -rrb- started at number 14 in the uk album charts .	episode_done:True
text:guangxi -lrb- or guangxi zhuang autonomous region ; -rrb- is a zhuang autonomous region of the people 's republic of china .	labels:guangxi is a self governing region of the people 's republic of china where mostly zhuang people live .	episode_done:True
text:functions may variously include sensing touch , air motion , heat , vibration -lrb- sound -rrb- , and especially olfaction -lrb- smell -rrb- or gustation -lrb- taste -rrb- .	labels:the organ may sense touch , air motion , heat , vibration -lrb- sound -rrb- , and especially olfaction -lrb- smell -rrb- or gustation -lrb- taste -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the sutlej river -lrb- alternatively spelled as satluj river -rrb- -lrb- , , , , and -rrb- is the longest of the five rivers that flow through the historic crossroad region of punjab in northern india and pakistan .	labels:the sutlej river -lrb- sometimes spelled as satluj river -rrb- -lrb- , , , , and -rrb- is the longest of the five rivers that flow through the region of punjab in northern republic of india and pakistan .	episode_done:True
text:she later attended the fiorello h. laguardia high school of music & art and performing arts -lrb- the high school featured in the movie fame -rrb- before she entered the theater program at juilliard .	labels:she later attended the fiorello h. laguardia high school of music & art and performing arts -lrb- the high school in the movie fame -rrb- before she studied theater at juilliard .	episode_done:True
text:some grow to be institutions as large as major hospitals , whilst retaining the name clinic .	labels:some clinics can become as large as hospitals , but still have the name clinic .	episode_done:True
text:secondly , it should be computationally infeasible to generate a valid signature for a party who does not possess the private key .	labels:it should be computationally infeasible to generate a valid signature for a person who does not own the private key .	episode_done:True
text:the mulde river runs through the easternmost part of the district .	labels:the mulde river runs through the east part of the district .	episode_done:True
text:numerous movies have been filmed at the park , including portions of " this is cinerama , " the first feature filmed in that wide-screen format , and a string of esther williams films and tv specials in the 1950s and 1960s .	labels:many movies have been filmed at the park , including parts of " this is cinerama , " the first feature filmed in that wide-screen format , and several of esther williams films and tv specials in the 1950s and 1960s .	episode_done:True
text:since then , documentation of saffron 's use over the span of 4,000 years in the treatment of some 90 illnesses has been uncovered .	labels:since then , we have found evidence for the use of saffron in the treatment of about 90 illnesses during the past 4,000 years .	episode_done:True
text:banding features continued to organize as the system slowly strengthened , and on august 23 debby attained a peak intensity of 50 mph -lrb- 85 km / h -rrb- over the open waters of the atlantic ocean .	labels:banding features continued to organize as the system slowly strengthened , and on august 23 debby reached its peak intensity of 50 mph over the open waters of the atlantic ocean .	episode_done:True
text:while there he meets a young half-black boy by the name of arthur stuart , the son of a slave and a slave-owner who has been adopted by the owners of the local guesthouse .	labels:while there he meets a young half-black boy by the name of arthur stuart , the son of a slave and a slave-owner who has been taken in by the owners of the town 's guesthouse .	episode_done:True
text:riaa website although total worldwide album sales are not calculated by any single entity , as of 2004 several industry sources estimated rush 's total worldwide album sales at over 40 million units .	labels:riaa website although total worldwide album sales are not calculated by any single person or group , as of 2004 some people guessed that rush 's total worldwide album sales is over 40 million items sold .	episode_done:True
text:unusually , the publishers of winning works are honored with a certificate .	labels:unusually , the publishers of winning works are given a certificate .	episode_done:True
text:a synonym for " lolcat " is cat macro , since the images are a type of image macro .	labels:a different word for lolcat is cat macro because it is a type of image macro .	episode_done:True
text:in may , chun declared martial law and did away with all trappings of civilian government , becoming the de facto ruler of the country .	labels:in may , chun declared martial law and removed all trappings of civilian government , becoming the de facto ruler of the country .	episode_done:True
text:references external links discovery of companions to asteroids 762 pulcova and 90 antiope swri press release .	labels:other websites discovery of companions to asteroids 762 pulcova and 90 antiope swri press release .	episode_done:True
text:chinchilla females are significantly bigger than males .	labels:the females are much bigger than the males .	episode_done:True
text:in 1939 , singer marian anderson was denied permission to perform in the constitution hall in washington , because of her race .	labels:in 1939 , singer marian anderson was not allowed to sing in the constitution hall in washington , because of her race .	episode_done:True
text:in computing , kivio is free diagramming software that is part of koffice , an integrated office suite for kde .	labels:in computing , kivio is a free diagramming software that is part of koffice , an office suite for kde .	episode_done:True
text:mørk holds a professorship at the norwegian academy of music , oslo .	labels:mørk is a professor at the norwegian academy of music , oslo .	episode_done:True
text:rawalpindi is also the military headquarters of the pakistan armed forces and also served as the nation 's capital while islamabad was being constructed in the 1960s .	labels:it is the military headquarters of the pakistan armed forces and also served as the nation 's capital while islamabad was being constructed in the 1960s .	episode_done:True
text:held from 17 june to 19 june 1944 , this celebration was referred to as the " the jubilee celebrations of ioc " by carl diem , the originator of the modern tradition of the olympic torch relay .	labels:these events happened on 17 june to 19 june 1944 and were called " the jubilee celebrations of ioc " by carl diem , the man who began the modern tradition of the olympic torch relay .	episode_done:True
text:celestus microblepharis is a species of lizard in the anguidae family .	labels:celestus microblepharis are a kind of lizard of the anguidae family .	episode_done:True
text:after the mutiny following the indian mutiny of 1857-58 and the consequent abolition of the east india company , its european regiments were amalgamated in 1860 with the british army , but its ‘ native ’ regiments were not .	labels:after the rebellion following the indian rebellion of 1857-58 and the end of the east india company , its european regiments were joined in 1860 with the british army , but its ‘ native ’ regiments were not .	episode_done:True
text:hopeful , the resident of vanity fair , who takes faithful 's place as christian 's fellow traveller .	labels:hopeful , who lives in vanity , takes faithful 's place as christian 's companion for the rest of the way .	episode_done:True
text:naming and records after all of the twenty one predetermined hurricane names for the 2005 season were exhausted following hurricane wilma , the greek alphabet was used , beginning with tropical storm alpha .	labels:naming and records after all of the twenty one assigned hurricane names for the 2005 season were used up after hurricane wilma , the greek alphabet was used , starting with tropical storm alpha .	episode_done:True
text:associativity of addition : for any integers , a , b and c , -lrb- a + b -rrb- + c = a + -lrb- b + c -rrb- .	labels:for all a , b and c in r , the equation -lrb- a + b -rrb- + c = a + -lrb- b + c -rrb- holds .	episode_done:True
text:types of abrasions colloquially , abrasions caused by contact with textiles or carpeting are referred to as rug burn or carpet burn .	labels:such injuries , where caused by abrasive contact with textiles or carpet , are sometimes referred to as ' rug burn ' or ' carpet burn ' .	episode_done:True
text:history the district was created in 1994 by merging the two previous districts riesa and großenhain .	labels:the district was created in 1994 by joining the two previous districts riesa and großenhain .	episode_done:True
text:the songs are written by many different famous composer in hong kong , such as paul wong and eric kwok .	labels:the songs were written by composers such as paul wong and eric kwok and were recorded in hong kong .	episode_done:True
text:silver-plate gives a clearer , brighter sound than gold and is good for styles of playing that need clarity and projection .	labels:silver-plate gives a clearer sound than gold and is good for styles of playing that need a lot of volume .	episode_done:True
text:he was inducted into the blues hall of fame later the same year .	labels:he was put into the blues hall of fame later the same year .	episode_done:True
text:in 1838 thomas icely requested that a village be established to service his large pastoral estate .	labels:in 1838 thomas icely asked that a village be started to supply items for his big farm .	episode_done:True
text:the list is sorted by film and character , as some characters have been portrayed by multiple actors .	labels:the list is sorted by film and character , as some characters have been played by multiple actors .	episode_done:True
text:it consists of seven or eight stages and oscillates around 1,200km in length .	labels:it consists of seven or eight stages , and was first held in 1928 .	episode_done:True
text:he was involved in litigation in 1889 with his former assistant charles a. borst , and the " great star-catalog case " peters v. borst went before the supreme court of new york .	labels:he was involved in litigation in 1889 with his old assistant charles a. borst , and the " great star-catalog case " peters v. borst went before the supreme court of new york .	episode_done:True
text:swot analysis is a strategic planning method used to evaluate the strengths , weaknesses , opportunities , and threats involved in a project or in a business venture .	labels:swot analysis is a tool to find out the strengths , weaknesses , opportunities , and threats that are to be expected in a project or in a business venture or in something similar .	episode_done:True
text:burrendong arboretum is a sanctuary for endangered australian flora and covers 1.60 km ² .	labels:burrendong arboretum is a sanctuary for endangered australian plants and covers 1.60 km ² .	episode_done:True
text:gothic architecture , in its catalan or mediterranean version , is the predominant style of this cathedral , although it also contains romanesque , french gothic , renaissance art , baroque and neoclassical elements .	labels:a mediterranean version of gothic architecture is the main style of this cathedral , but the cathedral also contains romanesque , french gothic , renaissance art , baroque and neoclassical elements .	episode_done:True
text:in 1798 , the helvetian republic was proclaimed and the lords from bern were ousted .	labels:in 1798 , the helvetian republic was made and the lords from bern were removed .	episode_done:True
text:on september 22 , the system had become more organized , and the national hurricane center mentioned the potential existed for tropical or subtropical development in the area .	labels:on september 22 , the system had become organized enough that the national hurricane center mentioned a possible tropical or subtropical development in the area .	episode_done:True
text:the adoption success rate was outstanding .	labels:the adoption rate was very good .	episode_done:True
text:culture attractions in nouakchott include nouakchott museum , several markets including nouakchott silver market , and the beaches .	labels:things to see in nouakchott include nouakchott museum , several markets including nouakchott silver market , and the beaches .	episode_done:True
text:parts of europe , including much of scandinavia , never adopted many feudal institutions , including serfdom .	labels:parts of europe , including much of scandinavia , never used serfdom or other feudal institutions .	episode_done:True
text:he composed music in all major genres , including art song , chamber music , oratorio , opera , ballet music , and orchestral music .	labels:he composed music in many different forms : song , chamber music , oratorio , opera , ballet music and orchestral music .	episode_done:True
text:however , unlike the moon , it has a large iron core , which generates a magnetic field about 1 % as strong as that of the earth .	labels:however , unlike the moon , it has a large iron core , which gives off a magnetic field about 1 % as strong as that of the earth .	episode_done:True
text:she finally found him in a hospital bed in reggio emilia , ill with a fever and subsisting on a daily bowl of chicory coffee and bread crust .	labels:she finally found him in a hospital bed in reggio emilia , ill with a fever and living one bowl of chicory coffee and bread crust each day .	episode_done:True
text:the victoria hall remained in use until 1941 when it was destroyed by a german bomb .	labels:the victoria hall was used until 1941 when it was destroyed by a german bomb .	episode_done:True
text:in the 11th and 12th century soest grew considerably , making it one of the biggest towns in westphalia with some 10,000 citizens .	labels:in the 11th and 12th century soest grew a lot , making it one of the biggest cities in westphalia with some 10,000 citizens .	episode_done:True
text:vladimir mikhailovich jurowski -lrb- ; born april 4 1972 , moscow , russia -rrb- is a russian conductor .	labels:vladimir jurowski -lrb- born 4 april 1972 in moscow -rrb- is a russian conductor .	episode_done:True
text:the two men toured new england and successfully raised private and public funds to found a school for deaf students in hartford , which later became known as the american school for the deaf .	labels:the two men toured new england and got money to create a school for deaf students in hartford , connecticut which later became known as the american school for the deaf .	episode_done:True
text:the winter solstice occurs at the instant when the sun 's position in the sky is at its greatest angular distance on the other side of the equatorial plane from the observer 's hemisphere .	labels:the winter solstice occurs at the second when the sun 's place in the sky is at its greatest angular distance on the side of the equatorial plane from the watcher .	episode_done:True
text:the largest by far is triton , discovered by william lassell just seventeen days after the discovery of neptune itself .	labels:the largest moon is triton which was discovered by william lassell just seventeen days after neptune was found .	episode_done:True
text:references external links " a remembrance of olin eggen — 1919 – 1998 " , by nicholas b. suntzeff , 6 october 1998 ; noao newsletter , no. 56 , december 1998 .	labels:other websites " a remembrance of olin eggen — 1919 – 1998 " , by nicholas suntzeff , 6 october 1998 ; noao newsletter , no. 56 , december 1998 .	episode_done:True
text:it was premiered in wagner 's bayreuth festival as part of the complete cycle on 14 august 1876 .	labels:the first performance that was part of the whole ring cycle took place on 14 august 1876 .	episode_done:True
text:russia specifically blocked transfer of u.n. facility to the eu mission .	labels:russia blocked the transfer of the un mission to the eu .	episode_done:True
text:opeth decided against cancelling the remainder of the tour , and lopez 's drum technician filled in for two concerts .	labels:opeth decided not to cancel the rest of the tour , and lopez 's drum tech filled in for two concerts .	episode_done:True
text:despite a decrease in convection shortly after forming , the large depression remained well organized , with a wind field 575 miles -lrb- 930 km -rrb- in diameter .	labels:in spite of a decrease in convection shortly after forming , the large depression remained well organized , with a 575 mile wide wind field .	episode_done:True
text:the album is named after a song on the album ; a cover of the original by folk singer tom brosseau .	labels:the album is named after a song on the album ; a cover of a song by american singer tom brosseau .	episode_done:True
text:retiring sickly and suffering several long illnesses , elizabeth died on september 23 , 1830 aged 62 , at her home , oak hill .	labels:after a long illness , she died on september 23 , 1830 at her home in oak hill at age 62 .	episode_done:True
text:after the critical and box office failure of the previous and presumed last installment rocky v , stallone had decided to end the series with a sixth installment which would be a more appropriate climax to the series .	labels:after the critical and box office failure of the previous and presumed last movie rocky v , stallone had decided to end the series with a sixth movie which would be a more appropriate ending to the series .	episode_done:True
text:later that year he left for the hamburg opera to work as a chorus director .	labels:later that year he went to the hamburg opera to work as a chorus director .	episode_done:True
text:iran 's diagonal distance from azerbaijan in the northwest to sistan and baluchestan province in the southeast is approximately .	labels:the distance from the iran 's border with azerbaijan in the north-west to the border with pakistan in the south-east is about 2,333 kilometres .	episode_done:True
text:in the book the very first light , mather with co-author john boslough chronicled his team 's work for the general public .	labels:professor mather and john boslough wrote all about the cobe teams work in a book called the very first light .	episode_done:True
text:an extensive canal network remains from the industrial revolution , nowadays mainly used for leisure .	labels:a big canal network runs though the city , built in the industrial revolution , today mainly used for leisure .	episode_done:True
text:on october 16 , 1990 , the un general assembly decided to grant the icrc observer status for its assembly sessions and sub-committee meetings , the first observer status given to a private organization .	labels:on october 16 , 1990 , the un general assembly gave the icrc observer status for its assembly sessions and sub-committee meetings , the first observer status given to a private organization .	episode_done:True
text:leonardo tells the story of the consternation that this statement caused to the twelve followers of jesus .	labels:leonardo tells the story of the surprise and upset that this caused to the twelve followers of jesus .	episode_done:True
text:the centrepiece is cathedral cave with the massive altar rock .	labels:the main cave is cathedral cave with the massive altar rock .	episode_done:True
text:he is best known as an educator of poor children and an advocate of conscientious objection .	labels:he is best known as an educator of poor children , and being for conscientious objection .	episode_done:True
text:the word cereal derives from ceres , the name of the roman goddess of harvest and agriculture .	labels:the word " cereal " comes from ' ceres ' , the name of the roman goddess of harvest and agriculture .	episode_done:True
text:the marriage was not entirely happy although it inspired some of moeran 's masterpieces , the cello concerto and cello sonata .	labels:the marriage was not very happy although it helped moeran to compose some of his best pieces : the cello concerto and cello sonata .	episode_done:True
text:however , he has also donated over $ 33,000 to republicans over the years and publicly endorsed john mccain for president in 2008 .	labels:however , he has also donated over $ 33,000 to republicans over the years and publicly supported john mccain for president in 2008 .	episode_done:True
text:scattered trees grow in some tundra .	labels:trees grow in some of the tundra .	episode_done:True
text:they make up the families tupaiidae and ptilocercidae and the entire order scandentia .	labels:they make up the families tupaiidae and ptilocercidae and all of order scandentia .	episode_done:True
text:in the early 1970s , barry mazur considered generalizations of iwasawa theory to abelian varieties .	labels:in the early 1970s , barry mazur thought about generalizations of iwasawa theory to abelian types .	episode_done:True
text:the high mountainous alps in the west of austria flatten somewhat into low lands and plains in the east of the country .	labels:the alps of western austria give way somewhat into low lands and plains in the eastern part of the country .	episode_done:True
text:from the word accountant the term accountancy is derived .	labels:the word accountancy comes from the word accountant .	episode_done:True
text:plutoids ice dwarfs that have achieved hydrostatic equilibrium are plutoids .	labels:ice dwarfs that are in hydrostatic equilibrium are called plutoids .	episode_done:True
text:92 1287 to 1298 emperor fushimi hirohito traditional dates .	labels:92 1287 to 1298 emperor fushimi hirohito varley , pp .	episode_done:True
text:as the truth about the mysterious others begins to unfold , one of the crash survivors betrays the other castaways , and the cause of the plane crash is revealed .	labels:one of the crash survivors betrays the other castaways , and we learn more about why the airplane crashed and the stories of many of the survivors .	episode_done:True
text:the drug also extends the time before a patient needs ventilation support .	labels:the drug also allows more time before a patient needs breathing help .	episode_done:True
text:as she continued to promote " just say no " , she appeared in an episode of the popular 1980s sitcom diff ' rent strokes and in a 1985 rock music video , " stop the madness " .	labels:in addition , reagan appeared as herself in an episode of the popular sitcom diff ' rent strokes to underscore her support for her " just say no " anti-drug campaign .	episode_done:True
text:this effect does not come into play by going from macro to micro dimensions .	labels:this effect does not come into play by going from macro to micro sizes .	episode_done:True
text:she expanded her range , her more recent films are fight club , wallace & gromit : the curse of the were-rabbit , and tim burton 's charlie and the chocolate factory , corpse bride , big fish , and sweeney todd : the demon barber of fleet street .	labels:she expanded her acting range in more recent films like fight club , wallace & gromit : the curse of the were-rabbit , and in tim burton 's charlie and the chocolate factory , corpse bride , big fish , and sweeny todd .	episode_done:True
text:wire drawing this technique has long been used to produce flexible metal wire by drawing the material through a series of dies of decreasing size .	labels:this technique has long been used to produce flexible metal wire by drawing the material through a series of holes of decreasing size .	episode_done:True
text:it became known as the " water ski capital of the world " because many of the sport 's landmark " firsts " and over 50 world records were broken there .	labels:it became known as the " water ski capital of the world " because many of the sport 's major " firsts " and over 50 world records were broken there .	episode_done:True
text:after returning to the united states , ram dass and larry brilliant founded the seva foundation , an international development organization committed to applying the teachings of neem karoli baba toward ending world poverty .	labels:after returning to the united states , ram dass and larry brilliant founded the seva foundation , a worldwide development organization which tries to end world poverty by following the teachings of neem karoli baba .	episode_done:True
text:a doll is an object that represents a baby or other human being .	labels:a doll is a child 's toy that looks like a baby or other human being .	episode_done:True
text:in the ancient tribal hebraic context , it was considered the duty of the individual and family to avenge evil on behalf of god .	labels:the ancient hebrew tribes considered it to be the duty of the individual and family to avenge evil in god 's name .	episode_done:True
text:frederick had a summer residence built there for sophie charlotte by the architect johann arnold nering between 1695 and 1699 .	labels:frederick had a summer residence built for his wife by the architect johann arnold nering between 1695 and 1699 .	episode_done:True
text:he had been a surgeon-superintendent of ships taking convicts to new south wales and van diemen 's land -lrb- now known as tasmania -rrb- .	labels:he had been a surgeon on the ships taking convicts to new south wales and van diemen 's land -lrb- now known as tasmania -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:george walker bush -lrb- ; born july 6 , 1946 -rrb- served as the 43rd president of the united states from 2001 to 2009 .	labels:george walker bush -lrb- born july 6 , 1946 -rrb- was the 43rd president of the united states of america .	episode_done:True
text:ballan primary school was established on 8 january 1855 .	labels:ballan ’ s first primary school started on 8 january 1855 .	episode_done:True
text:mammals only a few species of wild land mammals are found in the faroe islands today , all introduced by humans .	labels:only a few species of wild land seals are found in the faroe islands today , the grey seals .	episode_done:True
text:the asiatic salamanders -lrb- family hynobiidae -rrb- are primitive salamanders found all over asia , and in european russia .	labels:the asiatic salamanders -lrb- family hynobiidae -rrb- are a primitive kind of salamanders that can be found throughout asia .	episode_done:True
text:original ratings the original movie ratings -lrb- used from 1968 to 1970 -rrb- were : g -lrb- general audiences -rrb- : all ages admitted .	labels:old ratings the old movie ratings , which were in use 1968 to 1970 were : rated g - general audiences .	episode_done:True
text:name in chinese , the region is known as " inner mongolia " , where the terms of " inner / outer " are derived from manchu dorgi / tulergi .	labels:name in chinese , the region is known as " inner mongolia " , where the terms of " inner / outer " come from manchu dorgi / tulergi .	episode_done:True
text:ipswich were elected to the football league on 30 may , 1938 , and played in division three -lrb- south -rrb- until the end of the 1953 – 54 season , when they won the title and promotion to division two .	labels:in 1938 , they were elected to join the football league and played in " division three -lrb- south -rrb- " until the end of the 1954 season when they were promoted to " division two " .	episode_done:True
text:there is a size minimum of seven inches -lrb- 178 mm -rrb- measured across the shell and a quantity limit of three per day and 24 per year .	labels:there is a size minimum of seven inches measured across the shell and a limit of three per day and 24 per year that can be taken .	episode_done:True
text:the island has no indigenous population , but is assigned the iso 3166-1 alpha-2 country code sj -lrb- together with svalbard -rrb- , the internet country code top-level domain -lrb- cctld -rrb- .	labels:the island has no native people living on it , but is given the iso 3166-1 country code sj , the internet country code top-level domain -lrb- cctld -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:purposes of cleanliness include health , beauty , absence of offensive odor , avoidance of shame , and to avoid the spreading of dirt and contaminants to oneself and others .	labels:the purposes of cleanliness is health , beauty , absence of offensive odor and to avoid the spreading of dirt and contaminants to oneself and others .	episode_done:True
text:for the 2008-09 season , tranmere rovers are playing in league one , the third tier of english football .	labels:tranmere rovers football club is an english football club , currently playing in the football league one .	episode_done:True
text:the coat of arms was established about 1350 , when six towns of upper lusatia founded a confederacy .	labels:the coat of arms was granted about 1350 , when six towns of upper lusatia founded a confederacy .	episode_done:True
text:helmut heinrich waldemar schmidt -lrb- born 23 december 1918 -rrb- is a german social democratic politician who served as chancellor of west germany from 1974 to 1982 .	labels:helmut heinrich waldemar schmidt -lrb- december 23 , 1918 in hamburg -rrb- is a german politician and was chancellor of the federal republic of germany from 1974 to 1982 .	episode_done:True
text:ohio state has also won national championships in men 's swimming & diving , men 's outdoor track & field , men 's golf , men 's gymnastics , men 's fencing , co-ed fencing , and multiple synchronized swimming championships .	labels:ohio state won national championships in baseball , men 's basketball , football , men 's swimming & diving , men 's track and field , men 's golf , men 's gymnastics , men 's fencing , men and women 's fencing , and synchronized swimming .	episode_done:True
text:packagekit was created by richard hughes .	labels:packagekit was made by richard hughes .	episode_done:True
text:the additions to daniel comprise three chapters not found in the hebrew / aramaic text of daniel .	labels:the additions to daniel are not found in the hebrew or aramaic text of daniel .	episode_done:True
text:he stayed there until the outbreak of the franco-prussian war in 1870 , when he became an army chef .	labels:he stayed there until the start of the franco-prussian war in 1870 , when he became an army chef .	episode_done:True
text:appearance the coloration is yellowish-brown with several irregularly distributed dark spots on the rear half .	labels:appearance this spider is yellowish-brown with many dark spots on the rear half , in no order .	episode_done:True
text:empoli is on the main railway line from florence to pisa , and is the point of divergence of a line to siena .	labels:empoli is on the main railway line from florence to pisa and is well joined with the city of siena .	episode_done:True
text:out of 18,217 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 19 candidates to appear on the tv show .	labels:out of 18,217 girls in the casting , she was chosen with 18 other girls to appear on the tv show .	episode_done:True
text:two stellar occultations by psyche have been observed -lrb- from mexico on march 22 , 2002 , and another on may 16 , 2002 -rrb- .	labels:two stellar occultations by psyche have been seen -lrb- from mexico on march 22 , 2002 , and another on may 16 , 2002 -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:an earlier incarnation of the wheat kings played for the stanley cup in 1904 , but lost to the ottawa senators .	labels:an earlier version of the wheat kings played for the stanley cup in 1904 , but lost to the ottawa senators .	episode_done:True
text:following the dissolution of the soviet union in december 1991 , honecker took refuge in the chilean embassy in moscow , but was extradited by the yeltsin administration to germany in 1992 .	labels:after the soviet union broke up in december 1991 , honecker went to the chilean embassy in moscow , but was sent back by boris yeltsin 's government in 1992 .	episode_done:True
text:it is the capital of karbala governorate .	labels:it is the capital of karbala province .	episode_done:True
text:in the canonical watson-crick base pairing , adenine -lrb- a -rrb- forms a base pair with thymine -lrb- t -rrb- , as does guanine -lrb- g -rrb- with cytosine -lrb- c -rrb- in dna .	labels:in the watson-crick base pairing , adenine -lrb- a -rrb- forms a base pair with thymine -lrb- t -rrb- , and guanine -lrb- g -rrb- with cytosine -lrb- c -rrb- in dna .	episode_done:True
text:to aid in the comparison of sizes of different geographic regions , areas between 1 km2 -lrb- 100 hectares -rrb- and 10 km2 -lrb- 1000 hectares -rrb- are listed below .	labels:to help in showing the sizes of different geographic regions , areas between 1 km ² -lrb- 100 hectares -rrb- and 10 km ² -lrb- 1000 hectares -rrb- are listed below .	episode_done:True
text:until 1943 , von dem bach-zalewski remained the hsspf in command of " anti-partisan " units on the central front , a special command created by adolf hitler .	labels:until 1943 , von dem bach-zalewski was the hsspf in command of " anti-partisan " units on the central front , a special command created by adolf hitler .	episode_done:True
text:according to the fictional universe first established by slayer , the ' buffyverse , ' the term ' buffyverse ' is used amongst fans of buffy / angel online to describe the fictional universe established by buffy / angel .	labels:in the fictional universe created by buffy -lrb- the buffyverse -rrb- , the term ' buffyverse ' is used amongst fans of buffy / angel online to describe the fictional universe established by buffy / angel .	episode_done:True
text:to promote i created disco , harris embarked on a tour of the uk , supporting faithless and groove armada .	labels:to promote i created disco , harris left to go on a tour of the uk , supporting faithless and groove armada .	episode_done:True
text:coconuts from various parts of the world also differ in taste .	labels:coconuts in different parts of the world do not taste the same .	episode_done:True
text:after the band 's break-up in 2003 , weiland became the frontman of velvet revolver with former members of guns n ' roses .	labels:since the band 's end , weiland moved on to become the frontman of velvet revolver with former members of guns n ' roses .	episode_done:True
text:bad herrenalb is a municipality in the district of calw , in baden-württemberg , germany .	labels:bad herrenalb is a small town in the district of calw , in baden-württemberg , germany .	episode_done:True
text:religion the religion of teotihuacan is similar to those of other mesoamerican cultures .	labels:the religion of teotihuacán is similar to those of other mesoamerican cultures .	episode_done:True
text:the main techniques concerned are woodcut , engraving and etching , although there are others .	labels:the main techniques used to make an old master print are woodcut , engraving and etching .	episode_done:True
text:when he learned to speak russian , he studied computer translation of human languages at moscow state university in the soviet union in the school of kolmogorov .	labels:he then studied computer translation of human languages at moscow state university in the soviet union in the school of andrey nikolayevich kolmogorov .	episode_done:True
text:the low was located in an area favorable for development and a tropical cyclone formation alert was issued shortly after the low formed .	labels:the low was found in a place that was good for development and a tropical cyclone formation alert was given out soon after the low formed .	episode_done:True
text:the card for the event featured two main events .	labels:the card for the event has two main events .	episode_done:True
text:geography the district was located on the banks of the freiberger mulde in the triangle between the cities of dresden , leipzig and chemnitz .	labels:geography the district is on the banks of the freiberger mulde in the triangle between the cities of dresden , leipzig and chemnitz .	episode_done:True
text:the métis today predominantly speak english , with french a strong second language , as well as numerous aboriginal tongues .	labels:the métis today mostly speak english , with french as a strong second language , as well as many native language .	episode_done:True
text:the fort held a prominent position and was located high above sea level with strategic views to the entrance -lrb- sydney heads -rrb- of port jackson .	labels:the fort was on a very good spot and was positioned high above sea level with clear views to the entrance of port jackson -lrb- sydney harbour / sydney heads -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the film employs make-up , puppetry , and cgi effects to create its creatures .	labels:the movie uses make-up , puppetry , and cgi effects to create its creatures .	episode_done:True
text:however , some performances connected to the festival take place before and after the official dates .	labels:however there are some performances that take place before and after the official dates .	episode_done:True
text:the city is what later evolved to be the center of the byzantine empire -lrb- the greek-speaking roman empire of late antiquity and the middle ages -rrb- under the name of constantinople .	labels:the city became the center of the byzantine empire , -lrb- the greek-speaking roman empire of late antiquity and the middle ages -rrb- , but at that time it was already called constantinople .	episode_done:True
text:for example , a shop might give away its stock in its promotion , but producing these goods would still have required the use of scarce resources , so this would not be a free good in an economic sense .	labels:for example , a shop might give away its stock in its promotion , but for the production of these goods , resources were needed , so this would not be a free good in an economic sense .	episode_done:True
text:analog is usually thought of in an electrical context ; however , mechanical , pneumatic , hydraulic , and other systems may also convey analog signals .	labels:when one speaks of analog one often means an electrical context , however mechanical , pneumatic , hydraulic , and other systems may also convey analog signals .	episode_done:True
text:her mother wanted her to leave school and marry , but she rebelled .	labels:her mother wanted her to leave school and marry , but she did not .	episode_done:True
text:barr attained national prominence as one of the leaders of the impeachment of president bill clinton .	labels:barr is known as one of the leaders of the impeachment of president bill clinton .	episode_done:True
text:the direct evidence suggests there was a migration of h. erectus out of africa , then a further speciation of h. sapiens from h. erectus in africa .	labels:the direct evidence suggests there was a migration of h. erectus out of africa , then a further development of h. sapiens from h. erectus in africa .	episode_done:True
text:during the 1980s and 1990s , the university devoted substantial resources to renovating its massive hospital complex and improving the academic facilities on the north campus .	labels:during the 1980s and 1990s , the university used many resources to help rebuild its large hospital area and improve the academic buildings on the north campus .	episode_done:True
text:israel , though subjected to attack by iraqi missiles , refrained from retaliating in order not to provoke arab states into leaving the coalition .	labels:israel , though subjected to attack by iraqi missiles , refrained from retaliating in order not to anger arab states into leaving the coalition .	episode_done:True
text:background chuck norris facts originally started appearing on the internet in early 2005 .	labels:background chuck norris facts were first seen on the internet in early 2005 .	episode_done:True
text:it is a concentration of science and technology related businesses , and has strong links with the nearby university of cambridge .	labels:it has many science and technology related businesses , and has strong links with the nearby university of cambridge .	episode_done:True
text:snl is one of the longest-running network programs in american television history .	labels:it is one of the longest-running television programs in american television .	episode_done:True
text:the story began as a sequel to tolkien 's earlier , less complex children 's fantasy novel the hobbit -lrb- 1937 -rrb- , but eventually developed into a much larger work .	labels:book history the lord of the rings began as a sequel to tolkien 's earlier fantasy book , the hobbit , but quickly became a much larger story .	episode_done:True
text:he also had his own carriage , with fine livery , which took him to concerts at other venues .	labels:he also had a carriage of his own with a footman in livery -lrb- uniform -rrb- to drive him about .	episode_done:True
text:r.m. urquhart , scottish civic heraldry , london , 1979 on the abolition of the district council in 1996 , the arms reverted to the crown .	labels:r.m. urquhart , scottish civic heraldry , london , 1979 when the district council ended in 1996 , the right to the arms went back to the queen .	episode_done:True
text:he was the son of the reverend martin luther king , sr. and alberta williams king .	labels:he was the son of martin luther king sr. who was also a civil rights leader .	episode_done:True
text:the following is a comparative table classifying the moons of the solar system by diameter .	labels:the following is a table grouping the moons of the solar system by diameter .	episode_done:True
text:chocolate was available to maya of all social classes , although the wealthy drank chocolate from elaborately decorated vessels .	labels:maya of all social classes could get the drink , but the rich drank chocolate from fancy vessels or cups .	episode_done:True
text:a cafe and some other businesses largely occupy the location of the fort , and the rue saint antoine passes directly over it as it opens onto the roundabout of the bastille .	labels:a cafe and some other businesses are now on the site of the fort , and the rue saint antoine passes directly over it as it opens onto the roundabout of the bastille .	episode_done:True
text:the following season , warner was replaced as the rams ' starting quarterback for good after fumbling six times in the opener against the new york giants .	labels:he was replaced as the rams ' main quarterback after he fumbling six times in the opener of the 2003 season against the new york giants .	episode_done:True
text:as long as the platform mechanic remains a prominent part of the gameplay , it may still correctly be termed a platformer .	labels:as long as the actually jumping remains a main part of the gameplay , the game can still correctly be called a platformer .	episode_done:True
text:fellow automotive customizer darryl starbird purchased the vehicle from roth in 1967 for us $ 750.00 .	labels:another car builder , darryl starbird , bought the orbitron from mr. roth in 1967 for us $ 750.00 .	episode_done:True
text:this fact suggests that the yankees are a superlative baseball franchise , rather than simply the us baseball team that has won most often .	labels:this fact suggests that the yankees are a superlative baseball franchise , rather than simply the greatest baseball team in history .	episode_done:True
text:afterwards , doctors performed various medical treatments if necessary .	labels:afterwards , doctors did various medical treatments if needed .	episode_done:True
text:attahaddy benghazi is an libyan football club based in benghazi .	labels:al-tahaddy benghazi is a football club which plays in libya .	episode_done:True
text:ender 's shadow -lrb- 1999 -rrb- is a science fiction novel by american author orson scott card .	labels:ender 's shadow -lrb- 1999 -rrb- is a science fiction book that was written by orson scott card .	episode_done:True
text:iero uses the project as a way to vent about the way he sees the worldartist info - leathermouth epitaph.com.	labels:iero uses the band as a way to express about the way he sees the worldartist info - leathermouth epitaph.com.	episode_done:True
text:much of the pioneering work was done at bell laboratories and commercialized by western electric .	labels:a lot of this work was done at bell laboratories and commercialized by western electric .	episode_done:True
text:thus , the erzgebirge region became famous for many christmas traditions .	labels:the ore mountains are famous for many christmas traditions .	episode_done:True
text:when the reichstag convened in september 1932 , its first and only act was to pass a massive vote of no-confidence in papen ’ s government .	labels:when the reichstag met in september 1932 , its first and only act was to pass a massive vote of no-confidence in von papen ’ s government .	episode_done:True
text:1700 to 1900 by the early seventeenth century small scale brick and tile manufacture was flourishing and during this time parcels of common land were allocated for house building and small businesses .	labels:1700 to 1900 by the early seventeenth century there was a lot of small brick and tile making companies and during this time pieces of common land were given for house building and small businesses .	episode_done:True
text:initially used in professional sports , the term is now also commonly used in amateur sports , as well as in other completely unrelated fields of endeavor such as business and music awards .	labels:it was first used in professional sports , but is now used a lot in amateur sports and other things unrelated to sports , such as business and music awards .	episode_done:True
text:diatomic molecules are molecules composed only of two atoms , of either the same or different chemical elements .	labels:diatomic molecules are molecules made only of two atoms , of either the same or different chemical elements .	episode_done:True
text:ritchie neville -lrb- born richard neville dobson , 23 august 1979 , solihull , england -rrb- is an english singer most noted for being a member of uk boy band five .	labels:richard neville dobson known professionally as ritchie neville -lrb- born 23 august , 1979 , in solihull , birmingham , england -rrb- is an english singer .	episode_done:True
text:he rowed across in a boat and discovered the japanese submarine .	labels:he used a boat to row across to where the submarine was stuck .	episode_done:True
text:education the cabarrus county school system services all of the county with the exception of parts of kannapolis , which operates its own school district .	labels:schools the cabarrus county schools runs all the public schools in the county except for parts of kannapolis , which has its own school district .	episode_done:True
text:months pass , and tod and copper reach adulthood .	labels:months pass , and tod and copper are now adults .	episode_done:True
text:a workstation is a high-end microcomputer designed for technical or scientific applications .	labels:a workstation is a computer used for scientific or technical calculations , or purposes .	episode_done:True
text:the larger islands have some fertile valleys and plains .	labels:the bigger islands have some green valleys and plains .	episode_done:True
text:it is most commonly found growing on bread and soft fruits such as bananas and grapes .	labels:it is often found growing on bread and on soft fruits such as bananas and grapes .	episode_done:True
text:the bcg matrix -lrb- aka b.c.g. analysis , bcg-matrix , boston box , boston matrix , boston consulting group analysis -rrb- is a chart that had been created by bruce henderson for the boston consulting group in 1970 to help corporations with analyzing their business units or product lines .	labels:the growth-share matrix -lrb- aka b.c.g. analysis , b.c.g.-matrix , boston consulting group analysis -rrb- is a chart that had been created by bruce henderson for the boston consulting group in 1970 to help corporations with analyzing their business units or product lines .	episode_done:True
text:the images relayed back to earth from voyager 2 became the basis of a 1989 pbs all-night program , neptune all night .	labels:the pictures sent back to earth from voyager 2 in 1989 became the basis of a pbs all-night program called neptune all night .	episode_done:True
text:the town is one end point of the murray to the mountains rail trail .	labels:the town is at the end of the murray to the mountains rail trail .	episode_done:True
text:in the top right field is the symbol of the lords of sonneberg , which includes sheep shears .	labels:in the top right is the symbol of the lords of sonneberg , which includes a sheep scissor .	episode_done:True
text:this coincides well with the nara period -lrb- 710-794 -rrb- .	labels:this is the start of the nara period -lrb- 710-794 -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:helene was a long-lived cape verde-type hurricane that formed in the extreme southeastern part of the north atlantic ocean , peaking as a category 3 hurricane on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale as it traversed the central atlantic .	labels:helene was a long-lived cape verde-type hurricane that formed in the extreme southeastern part of the north atlantic ocean , peaking as a category 3 hurricane on the saffir-simpson hurricane scale as it traveled across the central atlantic .	episode_done:True
text:carolus linnaeus and other scientists of his time also considered the great apes to be the closest relatives of human beings due to morphological and anatomical similarities .	labels:since the time of carolus linnaeus , scientists have considered the great apes to be the closest relatives of human beings because they look very similar .	episode_done:True
text:the archetypal pencil may have been the stylus , which was a thin metal stick , often made from lead and used for scratching in papyrus , a form of early paper .	labels:history the first kind of pencil may have been the ancient roman stylus , which was a thin metal stick used for scratching on papyrus , often made of lead .	episode_done:True
text:religion despite the name of the band , the members do not consider themselves antitheist .	labels:religion despite the name of the band , the members say they are not anti-religious .	episode_done:True
text:about 2,000 troops have been allocated to zipingpu , trying to release the pressure through spillway .	labels:about 2,000 troops were sent to zipingpu , to try and release the pressure through spillway .	episode_done:True
text:in 2005 ewen joined the r & b group trinity stone which achieved limited success in the uk , ireland , and russia .	labels:in 2005 she joined the r & b group trinity stone which reached moderate success in the uk , ireland and russia .	episode_done:True
text:the aten is typically shown as a sun disk with rays coming out of all sides .	labels:the aten is usually shown as a sun disk with rays coming out of all sides .	episode_done:True
text:for instance , many of the germanic states -lrb- as well as english reformation -rrb- converted to protestantism in an attempt to slip out of the grasp of the pope .	labels:for instance , many of the germanic states -lrb- as well as english reformation -rrb- converted to protestantism in an attempt to slip out of the power of the pope .	episode_done:True
text:sir james chadwick , ch , frs -lrb- 20 october 1891 24 july 1974 -rrb- was an english physicist and nobel laureate in physics awarded for his discovery of the neutron .	labels:sir james chadwick , -lrb- born 20 october 1891 ; died 24 july 1974 -rrb- was an english physicist and nobel prize winner who is best known for discovering the neutron .	episode_done:True
text:the predominant source of magnesium is dolomite -lrb- camg -lrb- co3 -rrb- 2 -rrb- .	labels:the main source of magnesium is dolomite -lrb- camg -lrb- co3 -rrb- 2 -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:however , the advanced encryption standard now receives more attention .	labels:however , the aes block cipher algorithm now has more attention .	episode_done:True
text:solid metallic hydrogen consists of a crystal lattice of atomic nuclei -lrb- namely , protons -rrb- , with a spacing which is significantly smaller than a bohr radius .	labels:the matter has a crystal structure of proton atoms , with spacing that is extremely small , smaller than a bohr radius -lrb- which 52.918 x 10-12 m -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:undated the first settlement is made in the area of what is now louisville , kentucky by 13 families under colonel george rogers clark .	labels:the first settlement was made in the area of what is now louisville , kentucky by 13 families under col. george rogers clark .	episode_done:True
text:it is the cover subject of the march 2009 edition of hot rod deluxe , a " retro " version of hot rod magazine .	labels:it is on the cover of the march 2009 edition of hot rod deluxe , a " retro " version of hot rod magazine .	episode_done:True
text:the congress of vienna recognized it as a grand duchy and member of the german confederation .	labels:the congress of vienna made it a grand duchy and member of the german confederation .	episode_done:True
text:the series premiered august 20 , 2007 on nick jr. and began broadcasting february 23 , 2008 on noggin .	labels:the series was first shown on august 20 , 2007 on nick jr. and began being shown february 23 , 2008 on noggin .	episode_done:True
text:events of 1816 january – june known as the " year without a summer " in the northern hemisphere due to global cooling caused by the mount tambora volcanic eruption that had occurred in 1815 .	labels:events known as the " year without a summer " in the northern hemisphere because of global cooling caused by the mount tambora volcanic eruption that happened in 1815 .	episode_done:True
text:negotiations are also under way with a number of other states .	labels:negotiations are also under way with three other states .	episode_done:True
text:the form of quinine most effective in treating malaria was found by charles marie de la condamine in 1737 .	labels:the best type of quinine used to treat malaria was found by charles marie de la condamine in 1737 .	episode_done:True
text:its use spanned the golden age of latin literature — broadly the 1st century bc and the early 1st century ad — possibly extending to the silver age — broadly the 1st and 2nd centuries .	labels:its use helped the golden age of latin literature — during the 1st century bc and the early 1st century ad — possibly extending to the silver age — broadly the 1st and 2nd centuries .	episode_done:True
text:moundou is situated on one of the main roads in southern chad .	labels:moundou lies on one of the main roads in southern chad .	episode_done:True
text:while pipelining can in theory increase performance over an unpipelined core by a factor of the number of stages -lrb- assuming the clock frequency also scales with the number of stages -rrb- , in reality , most code does not allow for ideal execution .	labels:pipelining in theory increases performance over an un-pipelined core by a factor of the number of stages -lrb- assuming the clock frequency also increases by the same factor -rrb- and the code is ideal for pipeline execution .	episode_done:True
text:a butler 's tray often has a gallery , or deeper surround , handles on the short sides to facilitate carrying -lrb- usually cut into the surround -rrb- , and a portable stand with folding legs .	labels:a butler 's tray has a deeper surround , handles on the short sides -lrb- usually cut into the surround -rrb- so that it can be easily carried , and folding legs .	episode_done:True
text:in 1983 moyet and clarke decided to disband yazoo .	labels:in 1983 moyet and clarke decided to quit yazoo .	episode_done:True
text:the wanted men were suspected of being in the wombat ranges north of mansfield , victoria .	labels:they knew ned and dan were hiding in the wombat ranges north of mansfield .	episode_done:True
text:lanterns may be used for signaling , or as general light sources for camping .	labels:lanterns may be used for giving signals , or as general light sources for camping .	episode_done:True
text:having persuaded clerc to accompany him , gallaudet sailed back to america .	labels:gallaudet asked clerc to go back to america with him .	episode_done:True
text:in each issue , there was a review of an artist 's entire discography , with each album being analyzed in turn .	labels:in each issue , there is a review of an artist 's entire discography , with a review of each album .	episode_done:True
text:for systems using digital signal processing , developers may use a math workbench such as scilab / scicos , matlab / simulink , eicaslab , mathcad , or mathematica to simulate the mathematics .	labels:for systems using digital signal processing , developers may use a math workbench or tools such as matlab , mathcad , or mathematica to simulate the mathematics .	episode_done:True
text:the producer is involved throughout all phases of the film-making process from development to completion of a project .	labels:the producer is involved in all parts of the process of making a movie from the beginning to completion of a project .	episode_done:True
text:young boys played against olympique marseille and lost 2-3 with 14,000 spectators watching .	labels:in the first game , the bsc young boys played against the olympique marseille .	episode_done:True
text:he is considered to be the most important sculptor of the spanish renaissance , and is known for his emotive sculptures depicting religious ecstasy or torment .	labels:he is considered to be the most important sculptor of the spanish renaissance , and is known for his emotive sculptures , which had religious meanings .	episode_done:True
text:the term country code frequently refers to international dialing codes , the e.164 country calling codes .	labels:the term country code in many times refers to international dialing codes , the e.164 country calling codes .	episode_done:True
text:marant is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .	labels:it is found in the nord-pas-de-calais region in the pas-de-calais department in the north of france .	episode_done:True
text:the nameless dog makes a cameo appearance in the nes game barker bill 's trick shooting -lrb- another zapper game -rrb- and he can be shot .	labels:the dog in duck hunt has appeared in barker bill 's trick shooting and can be shot in the " balloon saloon " game .	episode_done:True
text:the book chronicles events which take place in the fictional space colony of windhaven .	labels:the book is about events that take place in the fictional space colony of windhaven .	episode_done:True
text:the higgs boson is the only standard model particle that has not yet been observed .	labels:the higgs boson is the only particle not yet seen that is predicted by the standard model .	episode_done:True
text:the core may be composed of solid and liquid layers , while the cores of mars and venus are thought to be completely solid as they lack an internally generated magnetic field .	labels:the earth 's core is partially liquid , while the cores of mars and venus are thought to be completely solid , because the cores do not make a magnetic field .	episode_done:True
text:the precursor to hurricane beulah was a tropical wave moving across the tropical atlantic .	labels:before hurricane beulah there was a tropical wave moving in the tropical atlantic .	episode_done:True
text:with her election , pelosi became the first woman , the first californian and the first italian-american to hold the speakership .	labels:she is also the first woman and the first italian-american to be the speaker of the house .	episode_done:True
text:it is caught , smoked and then sold widely in markets around the lake .	labels:it is fished , smoked , and sold on all markets around the lake .	episode_done:True
text:the table below highlights those differences .	labels:the table below shows those differences .	episode_done:True
text:30 seconds to mars has received three awards from four nominations .	labels:30 seconds to mars has won three awards from six nominations .	episode_done:True
text:construction was completed in 1254 under frederick 's son , conrad iv of germany .	labels:frederick 's son , conrad iv of germany finished the town in 1254 .	episode_done:True
text:it is considered one of the most important precursors to the academy awards .	labels:it is considered one of the most important film critics awards in north america .	episode_done:True
text:retrieved 2008-12-25 album information the title of the album , " a little bit longer " , comes from their song of the same name , which nick jonas wrote about his dealings with having type 1 diabetes .	labels:the title of the album , " a little bit longer , " comes from their song of the same name , which nick jonas wrote about his dealings with having type one diabetes .	episode_done:True
text:he is especially known for his series the knickerbocker gang and his stories about the talking bike tom turbo .	labels:he is famous for his series the knickerbocker gang and his stories about the talking bike tom turbo .	episode_done:True
text:interrupt controlled system some embedded systems are predominantly interrupt controlled .	labels:interrupt controlled system some embedded systems are mainly interrupt controlled .	episode_done:True
text:with exceptions , the fatimids were reputed to exercise a degree of religious tolerance towards non-ismaili sects of islam as well as towards jews , maltese christians and coptic christians .	labels:the fatimids were famous for religious tolerance towards non-ismaili sects of islam as well as towards jews , maltese christians and coptic christians , but there were some exceptions nevertheless .	episode_done:True
text:throwing a pie in a person 's face has been a staple of film comedy since ben turpin received one in mr. flip in 1909 , and is often associated with clowns in popular culture .	labels:throwing a pie in a person 's face has been a staple of film comedy since the early days of the movies , and is often associated with clowns in popular culture .	episode_done:True
text:one of its new attractions , the triple hurricane roller coaster , was named for the tumultuous storm season .	labels:one of its new rides , the triple hurricane roller coaster , was named for the fierce storm season .	episode_done:True
text:the population of this ward in 2001 was 16,800 people in 5,700 households .	labels:the population of this ward in 2001 was 16,800 people in 5,700 houses .	episode_done:True
text:individual songs from some of the operettas have become standards , notably " vilja " from the merry widow and " you are my heart 's delight " -lrb- " dein ist mein ganzes herz " -rrb- from the land of smiles .	labels:some of the songs from his operettas have become very well-known , especially " vilja " from the merry widow and " you are my heart 's delight " -lrb- " dein ist mein ganzes herz " -rrb- from the land of smiles .	episode_done:True
text:the fourth and fifth digits designate the number of the urban area -lrb- in a district-free city -rrb- or the district -lrb- in a city with districts -rrb- .	labels:the fourth and fifth numbers show people the number of the urban area -lrb- in a city without districts -rrb- or the district -lrb- in a city with districts -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the following is a list of the 339 communes of the ardèche département in france .	labels:this is a list of the 339 communes of the ardèche département in france .	episode_done:True
text:palestinian voters in the gaza strip and the west bank including east jerusalem were eligible to participate in the election .	labels:palestinian voters in the gaza strip and the west bank including east jerusalem were allowed to participate in the election .	episode_done:True
text:string theory is a developing branch of theoretical physics that combines quantum mechanics and general relativity into a quantum theory of gravity .	labels:string theory is a growing part of theoretical physics that puts together quantum mechanics and general relativity into a quantum theory of gravity .	episode_done:True
text:the following year , the title returned to raw after reigning champion triple h was drafted back to the brand during the 2009 wwe draft .	labels:the following year at the draft then champion triple h was drafted back to raw thus making the title a raw only title once again .	episode_done:True
text:the river is also potentially valuable for hydroelectric power , and the inga dams below pool malebo are first to exploit the river .	labels:the river can also be valuable for hydroelectric power , and the inga dams below pool malebo are some of the first dams built .	episode_done:True
text:a pulpit -lrb- from latin pulpitum " scaffold " , " platform " , " stage " -rrb- is a small elevated platform from which a member of the clergy delivers a sermon in a house of worship .	labels:a pulpit -lrb- from latin pulpitum " scaffold " , " platform " , " stage " -rrb- is a small lifted platform where a member of the clergy stands to read a gospel lesson , or give a sermon .	episode_done:True
text:bedroom bondage games often constitute foreplay .	labels:bedroom bondage games often use foreplay .	episode_done:True
text:on july 17 2006 , the keck-10m ii telescope and its laser guide star adaptive optics -lrb- ao -rrb- system indicated a bilobated shape for hektor .	labels:on july 17 2006 , the keck-10m ii telescope and its laser guide star adaptive optics -lrb- ao -rrb- system indicated a stretched shape for hektor .	episode_done:True
text:legality aid in dying is legal in several jurisdictions , including belgium , the netherlands , switzerland and three american states .	labels:in belgium , the netherlands , switzerland and in three american states it is legal to help someone to die in these circumstances .	episode_done:True
text:the feast of the sacred heart has been a solemnity in the roman catholic liturgical calendar since 1856 , and is celebrated 19 days after pentecost .	labels:the feast of the sacred heart is a holy day in the roman catholic liturgical calendar , and is celebrated 19 days after pentecost .	episode_done:True
text:in ancient times the sea was the birthplace of two ancient civilizations the minoans of crete and the mycenean civilization of the peloponnese .	labels:history in ancient times two groups of people lived near the sea - the minoans of crete , and the myceneans of the peloponnese .	episode_done:True
text:to remain competitive , encyclopædia britannica , inc. has stressed the good reputation of the britannica , reduced its price and production costs , and developed electronic versions on cd-rom , dvd , and the world wide web .	labels:so that it still can survive , encyclopædia britannica , inc. has kept on telling people that the britannica is good and accurate , made the encyclopedia cheaper , and made electronic versions on cd-rom , dvd and the world wide web .	episode_done:True
text:as a result of this colsefini was moved to backing vocals and percussion .	labels:because of that , colsefini was moved to backing vocals and percussion .	episode_done:True
text:the convention also sets out which people do not qualify as refugees , such as war criminals .	labels:it also makes clear which people are not seen as refugees , such as war criminals .	episode_done:True
text:she was born in norwich and attended norwich high school for girls before studying music at cambridge university .	labels:she went to norwich high school for girls and then studied music at the university of cambridge .	episode_done:True
text:this flag was the same , except the golden stripe had a human stick figure , a kanaga , in black , with arms raised to the sky .	labels:this flag was the same , but the golden stripe had a human " stick figure " , called a kanaga , in black , with its arms pointing to the sky .	episode_done:True
text:he led a furious comeback as he completed 15 passes out of 20 attempted for 258 yds and 2 tds .	labels:he led a comeback , completing 15 passes out of 20 attempts for 258 yards and 2 touchdowns .	episode_done:True
text:very large corporations such as ge , toyota and sharp , and investment firms such as goldman sachs are making multi-billion dollar investments in clean technology .	labels:very large corporations such as ge , toyota and sharp , and investment firms such as goldman sachs are spending billions of dollars on clean technology .	episode_done:True
text:the spot was observed at different times with different sizes and shapes .	labels:the spot was seen at different times with different sizes and shapes .	episode_done:True
text:sadomasochism 12 % of females and 22 % of males reported having an erotic response to a sadomasochistic story .	labels:sadomasochism : 12 % of women , and 22 % of men said they were sexually aroused by a sadomasochistic story .	episode_done:True
text:hertzprung-russell diagrams are not pictures or maps of the locations of the stars .	labels:these diagrams are not pictures or maps of the locations of the stars .	episode_done:True
text:the early spartans believed helmets were unnecessary and boxing prepared them for the inevitable blows to the head they would receive in battle .	labels:the early spartans believed helmets were unnecessary and boxing prepared them for when they were hit on the head in battle .	episode_done:True
text:visitors come to see the gardens in the palace grounds , the exotic birds which roam freely in the grounds , moot hill -lrb- which is in the grounds -rrb- , and the palace .	labels:visitors come to see the gardens in the palace grounds , the exotic birds which roam freely in the grounds , moot hill , which lies in the grounds , as well as the palace itself .	episode_done:True
text:its authorship is generally attributed to a person named obadiah , which means “ servant -lrb- or worshipper -rrb- of the lord ” .	labels:it is thought to have been written by a person named obadiah , which means “ servant -lrb- or worshipper -rrb- of the lord ” .	episode_done:True
text:gard is one of the original 83 departments created during the french revolution on march 4 , 1790 .	labels:it is one of the 83 original french departments created during the french revolution .	episode_done:True
text:grime is a genre of urban music which first emerged in east london , england in the early 2000s , primarily a development of uk garage , dancehall , and hip hop .	labels:grime is a genre of urban music which first emerged in london in the early 2000s , primarily a development of uk garage , drum and bass , dancehall and hip hop .	episode_done:True
text:he chose as his episcopal motto -lrb- " obedience and peace " -rrb- , which became his guiding motto .	labels:he chose a motto , oboedientia et pax , which was his motto for the rest of his life .	episode_done:True
text:a free translation of all but one chapter was produced by arthur waley .	labels:arthur waley made a free translation of the work , except for one chapter .	episode_done:True
text:their name derives from the name of the mountainous region in the north of algeria , which they traditionally inhabit .	labels:their name comes from the name of the mountainous region in the north of algeria where they live traditionally .	episode_done:True
text:hilari bell -lrb- born in 1958 -rrb- is an american fantasy author .	labels:hilari bell -lrb- born in 1958 -rrb- is an american fantasy writer .	episode_done:True
text:currently secretary of state for culture , media and sport and minister for the south west , he was one of the first openly gay mps .	labels:he is a minister of state in the department of health and minister for the south west and was one of the first openly gay mps .	episode_done:True
text:however , the lake trio come back to nullify the legendary 's power and break the red chain , interrupting the ritual .	labels:however , the lake trio come back to kill the legendary 's power and break the red chain , stopping cyrus .	episode_done:True
text:sir donald bradman ac , australian cricketer universally regarded as the greatest batsman of all time was born in cootamundra .	labels:sir donald bradman ac , australian cricketer said to be the greatest batsman of all time was born in cootamundra .	episode_done:True
text:this structure is still used for determining the teams in the playoffs in the american hockey league .	labels:this style is still used for deciding the teams in the playoffs in the american hockey league .	episode_done:True
text:however , when the war ended he became particularly concerned about the further development and possible use of atomic weapons and with the destruction inflicted on the world by war in general .	labels:but , after the war had ended he became worried about the making and future use of atomic weapons and with the destruction forced on the world by war .	episode_done:True
text:therefore , beliefs are not totally consistent from one baptist church to another , especially beliefs that may be considered minor .	labels:therefore , beliefs are not the same from one baptist church to another , mainly beliefs that may be considered minor .	episode_done:True
text:from 1918 to 1920 the province was under the administration of the democratic republic of armenia as the vanand province -lrb- with the city of kars as its capital -rrb- .	labels:in 1919 and 1920 the province came under the control of the democratic republic of armenia as the vanand province -lrb- with the city of kars as its capital -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:it debuted at # 20 on vh1 's vh1 top 20 video countdown on june 28 , 2008 .	labels:on july 6 , 2008 , it rose to # 4 on vh1 's vh1 top 20 video countdown .	episode_done:True
text:queen were an english rock band .	labels:queen is an english rock band .	episode_done:True
text:the village phone -lrb- polli phone -rrb- project of gp has brought cell-phone ownership to 260,000 rural poor in over 50,000 villages since the beginning of the project in march 1997 .	labels:the village phone -lrb- polli phone -rrb- project of grameenphone has made it possible for 260,000 poor people in over 50,000 villages to own mobile phones since march 1997 .	episode_done:True
text:linux distributions began to appear very soon after the linux kernel was first used by individuals other than the original linux programmers .	labels:linux distributions started to form after the linux kernel was starting to be used by people outside the original linux programmers .	episode_done:True
text:in 1970 , eddy merckx rode himself to the brink of collapse while winning the stage .	labels:in 1970 , eddy merckx rode himself to the brink of collapse but won the stage .	episode_done:True
text:it has a depth of approximately 18 inches -lrb- 46 cm -rrb- on the sides and 30 inches -lrb- 76 cm -rrb- in the center .	labels:it is about 18 inches -lrb- 46 cm -rrb- deep on the sides and 30 inches -lrb- 76 cm -rrb- deep in the middle .	episode_done:True
text:diffie-hellman key exchange -lrb- d-h -rrb- is a cryptographic protocol that allows two parties that have no prior knowledge of each other to jointly establish a shared secret key over an insecure communications channel .	labels:diffie-hellman key exchange -lrb- d-h -rrb- is a cryptographic protocol that allows two parties that have no prior knowledge of each other to establish together a shared secret key over an insecure communications channel .	episode_done:True
text:this position in the federal government of the united states is analogous to the finance ministers of other nations .	labels:this position in the federal government of the united states is similar to the finance ministers of other nations .	episode_done:True
text:towards the end of 1997 , each band member chose an individual number as their alias .	labels:towards the end of 1997 , each band member picked an a number to identify themselves .	episode_done:True
text:they also use visual signals to communicate with members of the same species .	labels:they also use their eyes to communicate with members of the same species .	episode_done:True
text:united states admission day -lrb- 1889 -rrb- of north dakota and south dakota as 39th and 40th states .	labels:1889 - north and south dakota are admitted as the 39th and 40th u.s. states .	episode_done:True
text:the front decayed and dissipated , leaving behind two areas of low pressure .	labels:the front then died out , but it left behind two areas of low pressure .	episode_done:True
text:157 – 69 and are regarded by some as the cultural ancestors of the western turks – the present-day inhabitants of azerbaijan , turkey , and turkmenistan .	labels:the seljuks were one of the cultural ancestors of the western turks , the present-day inhabitants of azerbaijan , turkey , and turkmenistan .	episode_done:True
text:in 1252 documents refer directly to vaihingen as a town , established by count gottfried von vaihingen .	labels:vaihingen was formally established as a town by count gottfried von vaihingen in the year 1252 .	episode_done:True
text:lascaux is the setting of a complex of caves in southwestern france famous for its paleolithic cave paintings .	labels:lascaux is the name given to a number of caves in southwestern france famous for their cave paintings .	episode_done:True
text:a rush hour or peak hour is a part of the day during which traffic congestion on roads and crowding on public transport is worst .	labels:a rush hour or peak hour is a part of the day during which traffic on roads and crowding on public transport is most .	episode_done:True
text:the race culminates with 750m on the smooth concrete of the large outdoor velodrome in roubaix .	labels:the race finishes with 750 meters on the smooth concrete expanses of the large outdoor velodrome in roubaix .	episode_done:True
text:he is a brilliant scientist and researcher with vast intelligence and insight into mutant genetics .	labels:he is a scientist and researcher with great intelligence and understanding about mutant genetics .	episode_done:True
text:the majority of the population of the central african republic lives in the western parts of the country , near bangui .	labels:most of the population of the central african republic lives in the western parts of the country , near bangui .	episode_done:True
text:blood vessels and nerves enter the glands at the hilum and gradually branch out into the lobules .	labels:blood vessels and nerves go into the glands at the hilum and go out into the lobules .	episode_done:True
text:following the murder of van gogh , tens of thousands gathered in the center of amsterdam to mourn van gogh 's death .	labels:after the murder of van gogh , tens of thousands gathered in the center of amsterdam to mourn van gogh 's death .	episode_done:True
text:the new york rangers won the stanley cup beating the montreal maroons becoming the first united states based team since the formation of the nhl to win it and first since the seattle metropolitans won in 1917 .	labels:the new york rangers won the stanley cup beating the montreal maroons becoming the first united states based team since the start of the nhl to win it and first since the seattle metropolitans won in 1917 .	episode_done:True
text:in 1876 , the committee adopted the name " international committee of the red cross " -lrb- icrc -rrb- , which is still its official designation today .	labels:in 1876 , the committee changed its name to the " international committee of the red cross " -lrb- icrc -rrb- , which is still its official name today .	episode_done:True
text:her due release date , with remissions , is currently 12 april 2024 .	labels:she will be released with current remissions on 12 april 2024 .	episode_done:True
text:the minute south china sea islands , collectively an archipelago , number in the hundreds .	labels:there are hundreds of minute south china sea islands , collectively an archipelago .	episode_done:True
text:the name was originally used in reference to pesos oro -lrb- gold weights -rrb- or pesos plata -lrb- silver weights -rrb- .	labels:the name comes from the spanish words pesos oro -lrb- gold weights -rrb- or pesos plata -lrb- silver weights -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:pop and imap -lrb- internet message access protocol -rrb- are the two most prevalent internet standard protocols for e-mail retrieval .	labels:pop3 and imap4 -lrb- internet message access protocol -rrb- are the two most widely accepted internet standard protocols for e-mail retrieval .	episode_done:True
text:during the battle , most of the japanese officers were killed and the japanese had to air-drop 300 officers by parachutes into the battlefield .	labels:during the battle , most of the japanese officers were killed and the japanese had to drop 300 officers by parachute into the battlefield .	episode_done:True
text:after being transferred to the town of blakeley in 1810 , the county seat was later moved to the city of daphne in 1868 .	labels:then the county seat moved to the town of blakeley in 1810 , and then to the city of daphne in 1868 .	episode_done:True
text:the explorer francisco hernández wrote that chocolate beverages helped treat fever and liver disease .	labels:explorer francisco hernández wrote that chocolate drinks helped fever and diseases of the liver .	episode_done:True
text:this period is known as the edo period and gets its name from the capital city , edo , which now is called tokyo .	labels:this period is known as the edo period and gets its name from the capital city of edo , now tokyo .	episode_done:True
text:though not popular , herring roe is sold within many british supermarkets .	labels:herring roe is sold in many british supermarkets but it is not very popular .	episode_done:True
text:saxon switzerland is a mountainous climbing area and national park near dresden in saxony , germany .	labels:it is a mountainous climbing area and national park near dresden in saxony , germany .	episode_done:True
text:the tuvaluan language is spoken by virtually everyone , while a language very similar to gilbertese is spoken on nui .	labels:the most important language spoken in tuvalu is tuvaluan although nuian is spoken on the island of nui .	episode_done:True
text:sports gelsenkirchen is home of the football club fc schalke 04 .	labels:the city is famous for its football -lrb- soccer -rrb- club fc schalke 04 .	episode_done:True
text:charts " mobile " was released only in australia and new zealand .	labels:it was only released in australia and new zealand .	episode_done:True
text:their heaviest defeats in the league were 10 – 1 against fulham in 1963 and 9 – 0 against manchester united in 1995 .	labels:their biggest defeats in the league were 10 1 against fulham in 1963 and 9 0 against manchester united in 1995 .	episode_done:True
text:voted into hall of fame on first ballot in 1961 .	labels:voted into hall of fame on first vote in 1961 .	episode_done:True
text:handles may be wood or plastic ; ferrules are metal -lrb- usually nickel-plated steel -rrb- .	labels:handles -lrb- the part of the brush we hold -rrb- may be wood or plastic .	episode_done:True
text:tristan turns to isolde , who agrees to follow him again into the realm of night .	labels:tristan now asks isolde if she will follow him again into the night , and she agrees .	episode_done:True
text:a report written by the district nazi leader , hermann engst , shows that authorities were planning to punish kellner at the conclusion of the war .	labels:a report written by the district nazi leader , hermann engst , shows that authorities were planning to punish kellner at the end of the war .	episode_done:True
text:an open proxy is a proxy server that is accessible by any internet user .	labels:an open proxy is a proxy server which any internet user can use .	episode_done:True
text:programs are currently being undertaken by the tasmanian government to reduce the impact of the disease .	labels:programs are being tried by the tasmanian government to reduce the impact of the disease .	episode_done:True
text:it grows to up to 20 m , although it is typically more stunted in its native environment .	labels:it grows to up to 20 m , but in its native environment it is usually not that tall .	episode_done:True
text:they occupied an area which is now the independent cities of norfolk , portsmouth , chesapeake and virginia beach .	labels:they lived in an area which is now the cities of norfolk , portsmouth , chesapeake and virginia beach .	episode_done:True
text:reznor later released the slip in 2008 for free download .	labels:the slip was released in three formats for free .	episode_done:True
text:wahlenbergia species have dispersed widely , even to oceanic islands , and there are four species known from the island of st helena , including the now extinct species w. roxburghii .	labels:wahlenbergia species have spread widely , even to oceanic islands , and there are four species known from the island of st helena , including the now extinct species w. roxburghii .	episode_done:True
text:ornithologist richard zann perished in the kinglake fire , together with his wife eileen and daughter eva .	labels:ornithologist richard zann died in the kinglake fire , with his wife eileen and daughter eva .	episode_done:True
text:puckian craters are named after mischievous spirits in european mythology .	labels:craters on puck are named after spirits from european mythology .	episode_done:True
text:it was designed to be easier to use than other 3d cad programs .	labels:it is easier to use than most programs used for three dimensional drawings .	episode_done:True
text:it has since come to be used for a range of light tints chosen for their neutral or cool appearance .	labels:it then came to be used for a range of light tints chosen for their neutral or cool appearance .	episode_done:True
text:the story of tristan and isolde is a quintessential romance of the middle ages and the renaissance .	labels:the story of tristan and isolde was one of the great romances of the middle ages and the renaissance .	episode_done:True
text:leicester is officially the largest city in the region and the largest conurbation is the nottingham urban area .	labels:leicester is officially the largest city in the region , although the largest area is the nottingham urban area .	episode_done:True
text:such information is not accessible to people with color blindness , on black-and-white printouts , on older computer displays with fewer colors , on monochrome displays -lrb- pdas , cell phones -rrb- , and so on .	labels:this is not helpful to people with color blindness -lrb- especially monochromacy -rrb- , on black-and-white printouts , on older monitors with fewer colors , on monochrome displays -lrb- pdas , cell phones -rrb- , etc .	episode_done:True
text:neither , however , described god as appearing in three modes .	labels:neither of the two describes god as appearing in three modes .	episode_done:True
text:in the lemmon film , jack lemmon chases , tackles and mugs stallone , thinking that stallone 's character is a pickpocket .	labels:in the lemmon film , jack lemmon chases , tackles and mugs stallone , thinking that stallone 's character is a thief .	episode_done:True
text:the extratropical remnants tracked up the east coast of the united states , and was absorbed by a larger extratropical cyclone on june 5 .	labels:barry moved up the east coast of the united states and by june 5 , it was taken over by a bigger storm .	episode_done:True
text:although they were officially designated to study just jupiter and saturn , the two probes were able to continue their mission into the outer solar system .	labels:although they were officially used to study just jupiter and saturn , the two probes were able to continue their mission into the outer solar system .	episode_done:True
text:several versions of the protocol exist ; versions 1 3 occurred only internally at mit .	labels:several versions of the protocol exist ; versions 1 3 used only internally at mit .	episode_done:True
text:the civil aviation authority -lrb- caa -rrb- is the public corporation which oversees and regulates all aspects of aviation in the united kingdom .	labels:the civil aviation authority -lrb- caa -rrb- , is the publicly-owned organisation in charge of flying -lrb- aviation -rrb- in the united kingdom .	episode_done:True
text:the sanctuary of endymion at heracleia under latmus on the southern slope of latmus still exists as a horseshoe-shaped chamber with an entrance hall and pillared forecourt .	labels:the protected place of endymion at heraclea on the southern slope of latmus is a horseshoe-shaped room with an entrance hall and pillared front court .	episode_done:True
text:the nervous system derives color by comparing the responses to light from the several types of cone photoreceptors in the eye .	labels:the nervous system can then tell the color by comparing the responses to light from the several types of cone photoreceptors in the eye .	episode_done:True
text:the northern part , the restkreis sankt wendel , was merged into the district birkenfeld , the southern part stayed in the saarland in its reduced size .	labels:the northern part , the restkreis sankt wendel , was merged into the district birkenfeld , the southern part stayed in the saarland in its smaller size .	episode_done:True
text:at that time , the area contained the greta swamp , which was later drained .	labels:at that time , there was a large swamp , which was later drained .	episode_done:True
text:the national capital region consists of an area of 5,319 square kilometres that straddles the boundary between the provinces of ontario and quebec .	labels:the national capital region has an area of 5,319 square kilometres that straddles the boundary between the provinces of ontario and quebec .	episode_done:True
text:his collaborators have spanned a wide range of musical styles and talents ; among them are joshua bell , yo-yo ma , béla fleck , sam bush , james taylor , chris thile , mike marshall , mark o ' connor , alison krauss , mary chapin carpenter , and the trio nickel creek .	labels:over the years , he has worked with classical and bluegrass artists such as joshua bell , yo-yo ma , béla fleck , sam bush , james taylor , jerry douglas , mike marshall , mark o ' connor , alison krauss , the members of nickel creek , and mary chapin carpenter .	episode_done:True
text:a lorry -lrb- 42-6452 -rrb- containing about 440 pounds of high explosives crashed through the main gate of the central bank , a seaside high-rise which managed most of the financial business of the country .	labels:a truck with about 440 pounds -lrb- 200kg -rrb- of high explosives crashed through the main gate of the central bank , a seaside building which managed most of the financial business of the country .	episode_done:True
text:it was 1795 before the british navy adopted lemons or lime as standard issue at sea .	labels:it was 1795 before the british navy adopted lemon or lime juice as food for sailors .	episode_done:True
text:this means that it has four equal sides and four equal angles -lrb- 90 degree angles , or right angles -rrb- .	labels:a square is a shape with four equal sides and four corners that are all right angles -lrb- 90 degrees -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the rpg-26 aglen is a disposable anti-tank rocket launcher developed by the soviet union .	labels:the rpg-26 aglen anti-tank rocket launcher that was made by the soviet union .	episode_done:True
text:after the match , an emotional benoit celebrated his win with the then-reigning wwe champion eddie guerrero .	labels:at the end of this event , benoit celebrated in the ring with the wwe champion eddie guerrero .	episode_done:True
text:at the great american bash on july 20 , 2008 , mccool defeated natalya to become the inaugural divas champion .	labels:mccool defeated natalya neidhart at the great american bash to become the first ever diva 's champion .	episode_done:True
text:kingda ka is a roller coaster located at six flags great adventure in jackson township , new jersey , usa .	labels:kingda ka is a steel roller coaster at six flags great adventure in jackson , new jersey , usa .	episode_done:True
text:it is possible that the berber muslim almoravids were originally from the area .	labels:it is possible that the berber muslim almoravids came from the area .	episode_done:True
text:education act 1902 , c.42 county councils were responsible for more strategic services in a region , with -lrb- from 1894 -rrb- smaller urban district councils and rural district councils responsible for other activities .	labels:british isles county councils were responsible for more strategic services in a region , with smaller urban district councils and rural district councils responsible for other activities .	episode_done:True
text:the county 's motto , " we wu n't be druv " , reflects the strong-willed nature of its people in past centuries .	labels:the county 's motto , " we wu n't be druv " , shows the strong-willed nature of its people in past centuries .	episode_done:True
text:a gas station , fueling station , filling station , service station , petrol station , garage , gasbar , petrol pump or petrol bunk -lrb- india -rrb- is a facility which sells fuel and lubricants for motor vehicles .	labels:a gas station , also known as a filling station , fueling station , service station or petrol station is a facility which sells fuel and lubricants for motor vehicles .	episode_done:True
text:modified suvs also take part in races , including the paris-dakar rally and the australian outback .	labels:suvs are even raced , such as in the paris-dakar rally and the australian safari .	episode_done:True
text:mélodies continue to be composed today , though perhaps the last uncontestedly great composer of them was francis poulenc , who died in 1963 .	labels:mélodies continue to be composed today , though perhaps the last really popular composer of them was francis poulenc , who died in 1963 .	episode_done:True
text:romulus , the first moon , was discovered on february 18 , 2001 from the keck ii telescope by michael e. brown and jean-luc margot .	labels:romulus , the first moon , was found on february 18 , 2001 from the keck ii telescope by michael e. brown and jean-luc margot .	episode_done:True
text:they run 20 hours a day , 364 days a year , with 95 % of them operational at any one time , and can cope with 13,000 passengers per hour .	labels:they run 20 hours a day , 364 days a year and are used by 13,000 people per hour , with 95 % of them running at one time .	episode_done:True
text:regular season the boston bruins led the league in overall points with 110 .	labels:regular season the boston bruins led the league in total points with 110 .	episode_done:True
text:the twelve-wired bird of paradise , seleucidis melanoleucus or seleucidis melanoleuca , is a medium-sized , approximately 33cm-long , velvet black and yellow bird of paradise .	labels:the twelve-wired bird of paradise -lrb- seleucidis melanoleucus -rrb- is a medium-sized bird of paradise about 33cm-long with velvet black and yellow color .	episode_done:True
text:troposodon minor sthenurus oreas simosthenurus occidentalis -lrb- another sthenurine -rrb- was about as tall as a modern eastern grey kangaroo , but much more robust .	labels:troposodon minor sthenurus oreas simosthenurus occidentalis -lrb- another sthenurine -rrb- , about as tall as a modern eastern grey kangaroo , but much stronger .	episode_done:True
text:the miss usa beauty contest has been held annually since 1952 to select the united states entrant in the miss universe pageant .	labels:the miss usa pageant is a beauty contest that has been held every year since 1952 , with winners competing in the miss universe pageant .	episode_done:True
text:few senior american economists agreed with keynes through most of the 1930s .	labels:few senior economists in the u.s. agreed with keynes in the 1930s .	episode_done:True
text:the double standard view is the official position of the roman catholic church .	labels:the double standard view is the view the roman catholic church believes .	episode_done:True
text:his magisterium includes almost 1,000 addresses and radio broadcasts .	labels:he issued over 1,000 addresses and radio broadcasts , another record .	episode_done:True
text:jörg heinrich -lrb- born december 6 , 1969 in rathenow -rrb- is a german football defender .	labels:jörg heinrich -lrb- born 6 december , 1969 -rrb- is a former german football player .	episode_done:True
text:peter richardson then negotiated a deal for six self-contained half-hour films , using the group as comedy actors rather than stand-up performers .	labels:peter richardson then made a deal for six half-hour shows on channel 4 , using the group as comedy actors instead of stand-up performers .	episode_done:True
text:roseanne is an american sitcom broadcast on abc from 1988 to 1997 starring roseanne barr .	labels:roseanne was an american television series which was shown on abc from 1988 to 1997 .	episode_done:True
text:rather than focus solely on mainstream acts , revolver introduces many acts that are not played on the radio or on mtv .	labels:instead of focusing only on the most popular bands , revolver introduces a lot that are not played on the radio or on mtv .	episode_done:True
text:it is a strategy of problem-solving relying on " appeals " rather than coercion .	labels:it is a problem-solving strategy and relies on " appeals " rather than force .	episode_done:True
text:coles supermarkets is an australian supermarket chain owned by wesfarmers -lrb- formerly coles group before its acquisition on 23 november 2007 -rrb- .	labels:coles supermarkets is an australian supermarket chain owned by wesfarmers -lrb- coles group before it was taken over on 23 november 2007 -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:at first the aroma is apple like and pleasant but it becomes peculiarly musky when overripe .	labels:at first the aroma is applelike and pleasant but it becomes peculiarly musky as the fruit ages .	episode_done:True
text:because the neck is not externally visible , the head and body appear to merge together .	labels:because the neck can not be seen , the head and body appear to join together .	episode_done:True
text:some speculative sources say that he was also in paris between 1308 and 1310 .	labels:some not sure sources say that he was also in paris between 1308 and 1310 .	episode_done:True
text:still further west is the tortugas bank , which is completely submerged .	labels:still further west is the tortugas bank , which is now underwater .	episode_done:True
text:it was at this time that she allegedly discovered the hiding place of three crosses used at the crucifixion of jesus and the two thieves — dismas and gestas — who were executed with him .	labels:she is said to have discovered the resting place of the three crosses used at the crucifixion of jesus and the two thieves - dismas and gestas - who were executed with him .	episode_done:True
text:filmography in 1996 , barker played himself in the adam sandler comedy happy gilmore .	labels:he was also seen acting as himself in the 1996 adam sandler comedy movie happy gilmore .	episode_done:True
text:career berzelius was born at väversunda in östergötland in sweden .	labels:berzelius was born in linköping in östergötland in sweden .	episode_done:True
text:history birth of the furby dave hampton and caleb chung created the furby in merely nine months -lrb- in addition to an additional nine months spent designing the toy -rrb- .	labels:history birth of the furby david hampton and caleb chung created the furby in about nine months -lrb- in addition to an additional nine months spent designing the toy -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the state 's population is concentrated in south east queensland , which includes the capital brisbane , logan city , ipswich , toowoomba , and the gold and sunshine coasts .	labels:the population is concentrated in the south-east corner , which includes the capital brisbane , ipswich , logan city , and the gold and sunshine coasts .	episode_done:True
text:it is theorized that they made up for this deficiency by regularly eating thiamine-rich soba .	labels:they are thought to have made up for this by regularly eating thiamine-rich soba .	episode_done:True
text:the name " gulf of california " predominates on most maps in english today .	labels:the name " gulf of california " is on most maps in english today .	episode_done:True
text:in the early afternoon around 1:00 , the crowd broke into the undefended outer courtyard and the chains on the drawbridge to the inner courtyard were cut .	labels:at about 1:00pm , the crowd broke into the undefended outer courtyard and the chains on the drawbridge to the inner courtyard were cut .	episode_done:True
text:in the united states antidepressants and tranquilizers are now the top selling class of prescription drugs , and neuroleptics and other psychiatric drugs also rank near the top , all with expanding sales .	labels:in the united states antidepressants and tranquilizers are now the top selling class of prescription drugs , and neuroleptics and other psychiatric drugs also rank near the top , all with increasing sales .	episode_done:True
text:geography libourne is located at the confluence of the isle and dordogne rivers .	labels:it is located on the river dordogne where the isle joins it .	episode_done:True
text:cameron 's wife noble also starred in the film series , playing hattie durham .	labels:cameron 's wife noble also starred in these movies , playing hattie durham .	episode_done:True
text:after the end of the fifth overtime period , managers conn smythe of the maple leafs and art ross of the bruins asked league president frank calder to suspend the game , but calder refused .	labels:at end of the fifth overtime period , managers conn smythe of the maple leafs and art ross of the bruins ask the president of the nhl , frank calder , to stop the game , and finish it later .	episode_done:True
text:wilson settled in the district in late 1836 with his wife and family .	labels:wilson moved to the district in late 1836 with his wife and family .	episode_done:True
text:twin cities and consulates manchester has formal twinning arrangements -lrb- or " friendship agreements " -rrb- with several places .	labels:buildings twin cities manchester has twinning plans -lrb- or " friendship agreements " -rrb- with lots of places .	episode_done:True
text:pantaléon enrique costanzo granados y campiña -lrb- 27 july 1867 24 march 1916 -rrb- was a spanish catalan pianist and composer of classical music .	labels:enrique granados -lrb- born lérida , spain , 27 july 1867 ; died in the english channel , 24 march 1916 -rrb- was a spanish composer and pianist .	episode_done:True
text:hurricane dog caused extensive damage to the leeward islands , and was considered the most severe hurricane on record in antigua .	labels:hurricane dog caused high damage to the leeward islands , and was said to be the strongest hurricane on record in antigua .	episode_done:True
text:the northern french half comprises the collectivité de saint-martin -lrb- collectivity of st. martin -rrb- and is an overseas collectivity of france .	labels:the northern french half comprises the collectivité de saint-martin -lrb- collectivity of st. martin -rrb- and is a overseas territory of france .	episode_done:True
text:railways the location of the town in the bottom of a steep valley counted against it for railway construction .	labels:railways because the town is at the bottom of a steep valley it was n't suitable for the railway .	episode_done:True
text:passenger trains operated to forbes until 1983 .	labels:passenger trains stopped going to forbes in 1983 .	episode_done:True
text:it provided a variety of music , from pop-punk , surf rock , and ska , to an acoustic ballad .	labels:it had many types of music , from pop-punk , surf rock , and ska , to an acoustic ballade .	episode_done:True
text:they were then replaced by the 4th armored division in 1957 , which was redesignated as the 1st armored division in 1971 and moved to hindenburg kaserne in ansbach in 1972 .	labels:they were then replaced by the 4th armored division in 1957 , which was renamed as the 1st armored division in 1971 and moved to hindenburg kaserne in ansbach in 1972 .	episode_done:True
text:isbn 1559390506 isbn 978-1559390507 blackman , sushila -lrb- compiled and edited -rrb- -lrb- 1997 -rrb- .	labels:notes references blackman , sushila -lrb- compiled and edited -rrb- -lrb- 1997 -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the sixth , seventh , and eighth digits indicate the municipality or the number of the unincorporated area .	labels:the sixth , seventh , and eighth numbers show the municipality or the number of the municipality-free area .	episode_done:True
text:in 2006 , he co-starred in the independent film manhattan minute .	labels:he recently acted in the independent film manhattan minute .	episode_done:True
text:hot chocolate and churros is the traditional working-man 's breakfast in spain .	labels:hot chocolate and churros is the normal working-man 's breakfast in spain .	episode_done:True
text:it was discovered from the images taken by voyager 2 on january 20 , 1986 and was given the temporary designation s / 1986 u 8 .	labels:it was found from the images taken by voyager 2 on january 20 , 1986 , and was given the designation s / 1986 u 8 .	episode_done:True
text:thus from white oak , he went to princeton , where he worked on his equilibrium theory .	labels:from pittsburgh he went to princeton university where he worked on his equilibrium theory .	episode_done:True
text:many specialize in machine construction , medical equipment , international trade , optics and electronics .	labels:many provide work in machine construction , medical equipment , international trade , optics and electronics .	episode_done:True
text:in smithson 's will , he stated that should his nephew , henry james hungerford , die without heirs , the smithson estate would go to the government of the united states for creating an " establishment for the increase & diffusion of knowledge among men " .	labels:in smithson 's will , he stated that should his nephew , henry james hungerford , die without heirs , the smithson estate would go to the united states of america for creating an " establishment for the increase & diffusion of knowledge among men " .	episode_done:True
text:satan represents all of the so-called sins , as they all lead to physical , mental , or emotional gratification .	labels:satan represents all of the things christianity has called sins , as they all lead to pleasure of some kind .	episode_done:True
text:the prisoners sentenced to incarceration were transferred to spandau prison in 1947 .	labels:the prisoners sentenced to jail were transferred to spandau prison in 1947 .	episode_done:True
text:using their tail to support their weight , they deliver kicks with their powerful hind legs .	labels:using their tail to support their weight , they can also kick with their powerful back legs .	episode_done:True
text:killzone 2 is a first-person shooter -lrb- fps -rrb- for the playstation 3 , developed by guerrilla games and published by sony computer entertainment .	labels:killzone 2 is a is a first-person shooter for the playstation 3 , made by guerrilla games and published by sony computer entertainment .	episode_done:True
text:keymer was an ancient parish that like its near neighbour clayton was merged into the modern day parish of hassocks .	labels:keymer used to be a village on its own until it was merged into the modern day village of hassocks .	episode_done:True
text:combined oral contraceptive use reduces the risk of ovarian cancer by 40 % and the risk of endometrial cancer by 50 % compared to never users .	labels:taking the pill also significantly reduces the risk of endometrial cancer by half compared to women who have never taken the pill .	episode_done:True
text:this category contains articles related to motorways in the united kingdom .	labels:this is a list of motorways in the united kingdom .	episode_done:True
text:the other featured match was between wwe champion rob van dam defending the title against edge in a singles match .	labels:the other featured match was for the wwe championship , in which rob van dam beat edge to keep his title .	episode_done:True
text:ironically , this antagonistic relationship between rick and vyvyan makes them virtually inseparable , as the two spend by far more time together than with the other housemates .	labels:although rick and vyvyan hate each other , this makes them all but inseparable ; the two spend more time together than apart , or with the other housemates .	episode_done:True
text:a year later , he was appointed as the minister of commerce and industry .	labels:a year later , he was made the minister of commerce and industry .	episode_done:True
text:in 1975 these two districts were merged to form today 's district .	labels:in 1975 these two districts were joined to form today 's district .	episode_done:True
text:this includes all natural and human accidents and errors and is calculated over roughly 160,000 shinkansen trips completed .	labels:this include all natural and human accidents and errors and is calculated from all of about 160,000 trips shinkansen made .	episode_done:True
text:a final violent confrontation with police took place at glenrowan .	labels:a final violent fight with police took place at glenrowan .	episode_done:True
text:the subunguis is the softer , flaky underside layer whose grain is parallel to the direction of growth .	labels:the subunguis is the soft , flaky layer , and the grain is parallel to the direction of growth .	episode_done:True
text:tobacco : in 1984 he wrote that nicotine has an addictiveness similar to that of heroin or cocaine .	labels:tobacco : in 1984 he wrote that nicotine has an addictiveness like that of heroin or cocaine .	episode_done:True
text:records indicate that they began in 776 bc in olympia , greece .	labels:the ancient olympic games began in 776 bc in olympia , greece .	episode_done:True
text:the first use of the word was for the limbs of fish , but has been extended to include other animal limbs and man-made devices .	labels:the word was first used for the limbs of fish , but it is now also used when describing other animal limbs and man-made devices .	episode_done:True
text:however , during his third appearance , miller broke his collarbone in a fall .	labels:however , during his third match , miller broke his shoulder in a fall .	episode_done:True
text:invest or storm 91c , was an unusual weather event of 2006 .	labels:invest or storm 91c , was a strange weather event in 2006 .	episode_done:True
text:for official forecasts see the nhc 's public advisory archive on hurricane karl .	labels:for official forecasts see : the nhc 's public advisory archive on hurricane ivan .	episode_done:True
text:the lonely mountain jar inscription , the first published tengwar sample , dates to 1937 -lrb- the hobbit , most editions -rrb- .	labels:the first published sample of tengwar writing was 1937 in the hobbit , to so-called the lonely mountain jar inscription .	episode_done:True
text:tropical storms in arizona are infrequent , since the predominant storm track carries most storms that form in the eastern pacific either parallel or away from the pacific coast of northwestern mexico .	labels:it is difficult for a hurricane to form in arizona , because the normal storms that form in the eastern pacific ocean move either parallel or away from the pacific coast of northwestern mexico .	episode_done:True
text:chianti superiore chianti superiore is an italian docg wine produced in the provinces of arezzo , florence , pisa , pistoia , prato and siena , in tuscany .	labels:it is producted in tuscany in the famous area of " chianti " inside the provinces of arezzo , florence , pisa , pistoia , prato and siena .	episode_done:True
text:thinner is a 1984 novel by stephen king , published under his pseudonym , richard bachman .	labels:thinner is a book written in 1984 by stephen king , under the name richard bachman .	episode_done:True
text:bollywood plots have tended to be melodramatic .	labels:plot bollywood plots are usually melodramatic .	episode_done:True
text:they may be removed for several reasons , including impaired breathing through the nose and chronic infections or earaches .	labels:they may be removed for several reasons , including difficulty breathing through the nose and having ear infections .	episode_done:True
text:niccolò machiavelli , author of the prince , also witnessed and wrote about the execution .	labels:niccolò machiavelli , author of the prince , also saw and wrote about the execution .	episode_done:True
text:hughes ' story " blessed assurance " deals with a father 's anger over his son 's effeminacy and queerness .	labels:blessed assurance is the story of a father 's anger because his son is " queer " and acts like a girl .	episode_done:True
text:in 1855 parts of nash county , edgecombe county , johnston county , and wayne county were combined to form wilson county , north carolina .	labels:in 1855 parts of nash county , edgecombe county , johnston county , and wayne county were combined to make wilson county .	episode_done:True
text:watonga , kingfisher and geary were the hardest-hit communities , where many houses and buildings were inundated .	labels:watonga , kingfisher and geary were the hardest-hit communities , where many houses and buildings were flooded .	episode_done:True
text:to provide water for its steam locomotives , the commissioners decided to provide a dam and pump water from it to a facility , known as young tank , at the post .	labels:to provide water for the steam trains , they decided to use the dam and pump water from it to a tank , known as young tank , at the 246 mile post .	episode_done:True
text:unobserved , susanna re-enters the bedroom with the clothing and conceals herself after she realises what is wrong -lrb- she knows that to reveal her presence would only result in the worst possible consequences to the countess -rrb- .	labels:he does not see susanna coming back into the bedroom with the clothes and hiding after she realises what is wrong -lrb- she knows that to show herself now would be bad for the countess -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the video premiered on mtv 's headbangers ball on october 25 , 2008 as part of the headbangers ball 20th anniversary special programming .	labels:the video came out on mtv 's headbangers ball on october 25 , 2008 as part of the headbangers ball 20th anniversary special programming .	episode_done:True
text:history the state was created in 1951 out of the historical states of baden , hohenzollern and württemberg , part of the region of swabia .	labels:history in 1952 , the three states of baden , württemberg-baden and württemberg-hohenzollern joined together to found baden-württemberg .	episode_done:True
text:after the abolition of slavery in 1835 , many indian and chinese workers were brought to work the land , and cultivate sugar cane , at that time used to produce rum .	labels:after the end of slavery in 1835 , many indian and chinese workers were brought to work the land , and take care of sugar cane , at that time used to make rum .	episode_done:True
text:marxists internet archive -lrb- also known as mia or marxists.org -rrb- is a volunteer based non-profit organization that maintains a multi-lingual internet archive of marxist writers and other similar authors -lrb- socialists , anarchists , etc . -rrb- .	labels:the marxists internet archive -lrb- also known as mia or marxists.org -rrb- is a volunteer based non-profit organization that has an internet archive of marxist writers and other similar authors -lrb- socialists , etc . -rrb- on their website .	episode_done:True
text:it has been suggested that vättern is the largest body of potable water in the world .	labels:it has been said that vättern is the largest body of potable water in the world .	episode_done:True
text:french troops land at kilcummin in county mayo to assist the irish rebellion .	labels:french troops land at killala in county mayo to assist irish rebellion .	episode_done:True
text:the game also features co-operative play -lrb- co-op -rrb- which allows players to complete the story based single player mode together .	labels:the game also features co-operative play -lrb- co-op -rrb- which allows players to fight against the aliens instead of each other .	episode_done:True
text:the psychological state of sympathy is closely linked with that of compassion , empathy and empathic concern .	labels:the psychological state of sympathy is closely linked with that of empathy , but is not identical to it .	episode_done:True
text:the shaolin monastery or shaolin temple , is a chán buddhist temple at song shan near zhengzhou city henan province in dengfeng , china .	labels:the shaolin monastery or shaolin temple is a temple at song mountain of dengfeng , near zhengzhou city , henan province , china .	episode_done:True
text:during the play , violet signs the marriage document with her left hand to invalidate the bill .	labels:violet said that she was right-handed but signed the document with her left hand .	episode_done:True
text:as a number one is the integer before two , and after zero .	labels:one -lrb- 1 -rrb- is a natural number after zero and before two .	episode_done:True
text:the storm dropped heavy rainfall near its immediate landfall location but little precipitation elsewhere .	labels:the storm dropped heavy rainfall near its actual landfall location but little precipitation elsewhere .	episode_done:True
text:from about 200 to 30 million years ago , the north american plate was in continual collision with the farallon plate .	labels:about 200 years to 30 million years ago , the north american plate collided with the farallon plate , causing earthquakes .	episode_done:True
text:the british described cheema as a powerful and united , but quarrelsome tribe .	labels:the british called the cheema a powerful and united , but quarrelsome tribe .	episode_done:True
text:as of 2007 , a maximum of two builders can be inducted in one year .	labels:as of 2007 , a maximum of two builders can be added in one year .	episode_done:True
text:synopsis place : a spanish state prison , a few miles from seville time : late 1700s .	labels:plot the setting is a spanish state prison , a few miles from seville , in the late 1700s .	episode_done:True
text:before the outbreak 's end , andover , kansas , would record the year 's only f5 tornado -lrb- see andover , kansas tornado outbreak -rrb- .	labels:before its end , andover , kansas would record the year 's only f5 tornado -lrb- see the andover , kansas tornado -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the hanseatic city of greifswald is enclosed by the district , but does not belong to it .	labels:the hanseatic city of greifswald is surrounded by the district , but does not belong to it .	episode_done:True
text:the team with home-ice advantage hosts games 1 , 2 , 5 and 7 , while the opponent hosts games 3 , 4 and 6 -lrb- games 5 – 7 are played " if necessary " -rrb- .	labels:the team with home-ice advantage hosts games 1 , 2 , 5 and 7 , while the opponent hosts games 3 , 4 and 6 -lrb- games 5 – 7 are played " if needed " -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:a fugue forms the development section of the last movement of his piano sonata op .	labels:beethoven uses fugues a lot in the last movement of his late piano sonatas .	episode_done:True
text:the show is currently not on the air in the united states .	labels:the show is currently not on the air in the u.s.	episode_done:True
text:he performed on a regular basis for white audiences in the 1900s .	labels:he performed all the time for white audiences in the 1900s .	episode_done:True
text:the formation of armenian revolutionary groups began roughly around the end of the russo-turkish war of 1878 and intensified with the first introduction of article 166 of the ottoman penal code 166 , and the raid of erzerum cathedral .	labels:the armenian revolutionary groups started around the end of the russo-turkish war of 1878 and grew with the first introduction of article 166 of the ottoman penal code 166 , and the raid of erzerum cathedral .	episode_done:True
text:history the district was created in 1817 as bilsteiner kreis , in 1819 the capital was set to be olpe .	labels:history the district was created in 1817 as bilsteiner kreis , in 1819 the capital was moved to olpe .	episode_done:True
text:eunomia has been observed occulting stars three times .	labels:eunomia has been seen occulting stars three times .	episode_done:True
text:its symbol is " $ " , with " rd $ " used when distinction from other pesos -lrb- or dollars -rrb- is required ; its iso 4217 code is " dop " .	labels:its official name is peso oro and its symbol is " $ " with rd in front of it -lrb- rd $ -rrb- to differentiate it from other pesos or dollars .	episode_done:True
text:his oeuvre revolutionized the traditional tango into a new style termed nuevo tango , incorporating elements from jazz and classical music .	labels:hs revolutionized the traditional tango into a new style known as nuevo tango , by mixing elements from jazz and classical music .	episode_done:True
text:the attempts at mutiny in 1915 and the lahore conspiracy trials were still in public attention .	labels:there were attempts to mutiny in 1915 and the lahore conspiracy trials were still in public attention .	episode_done:True
text:finally , the town had no cultural life that could offer competition to wagner 's own artistic dominance .	labels:the town did not have a cultural life that would be in competition with wagner 's music .	episode_done:True
text:to help ease the resumption of services after the storm passes , cn also issued an embargo with the association of american railroads against all deliveries to points south of osyka , mississippi .	labels:to help continue services after the storm passes , cn also issued an embargo with the association of american railroads against all deliveries to points south of osyka , mississippi .	episode_done:True
text:key -lrb- v -rrb- indicates the actor or actress lent only his or her voice for his or her film character .	labels:key -lrb- v -rrb- indicates the actor or actress used only his or her voice for his or her film character .	episode_done:True
text:there are fewer western expatriates than in the larger centers of abu dhabi and dubai .	labels:there are fewer western people than in the larger centers of abu dhabi and dubai .	episode_done:True
text:it was discovered in 1907 by august kopff .	labels:it was found in 1907 by august kopff .	episode_done:True
text:initially very disorganized , surface pressures gradually decreased across the region , with a weak low pressure area developing on september 19 .	labels:originally , the system was very disorganized , but surface pressures slowly went down across the area , with a weak low pressure area forming on september 19 .	episode_done:True
text:figaro then arrives and tries to initiate the beginning of the wedding festivities , but the count stops him and asks who wrote the anonymous note given to him by basilio .	labels:figaro then arrives and tries to start the wedding feast , but the count stops him and asks who wrote the unsigned note given to him by basilio .	episode_done:True
text:thal is one of the ten districts of the canton of solothurn in switzerland , situated in the centre of the canton .	labels:thal is one of the 10 districts of the canton of solothurn in switzerland , found in the center of the canton .	episode_done:True
text:reservoir dogs stars an ensemble cast with harvey keitel , steve buscemi , tim roth , michael madsen , quentin tarantino , chris penn and lawrence tierney .	labels:the movie was written and directed by quentin tarantino and starred harvey keitel , tim roth , michael madsen , chris penn , and steve buscemi .	episode_done:True
text:piper later landed a role in a television commercial promoting the pop magazine smash hits .	labels:piper later got a role in a television commercial promoting the pop magazine smash hits .	episode_done:True
text:mohallas nuryali chakargally tipper ban seergah sydan salandi choki seergah dana choaha planni bagla sorrah schools public school - government funded government primary , middle and high school for girls government primary , middle , high and higher secondary schools for boys .	labels:bagnotar union council is made up of three areas : bandi maira bagnotar chahan schools public school - government funded government primary , middle and high school for girls government primary , middle , high and higher secondary schools for boys .	episode_done:True
text:mergers and outreach , 1921 in 1921 the philharmonic merged with new york 's national symphony orchestra -lrb- no relation to the present washington , d.c. ensemble -rrb- .	labels:mergers and outreach , 1921 when the philharmonic joined together with the national symphony in 1921 , they had the dutch conductor willem mengelberg .	episode_done:True
text:over 6,000 navvies were hired for up to two years building , blasting and clearing rubble beneath the south downs to create clayton tunnel .	labels:over 6,000 workmen were hired for up to two years building , blasting and clearing rubble beneath the south downs to create clayton tunnel .	episode_done:True
text:the team was founded by alexander cartwright , considered one of the original developers of modern baseball .	labels:the team was started by alexander cartwright , who is said to be one of the original developers of modern baseball .	episode_done:True
text:it is an interesting genre since it incorporates both american rock and pakistani classical music .	labels:it is an interesting type , as it mixes up pakistani classical music with american rock .	episode_done:True
text:a road number is often assigned to a stretch of public roadway .	labels:a road number is usually given to a portion of public roadway .	episode_done:True
text:one famous example is his sudarium of saint veronica -lrb- 1649 -rrb- , an engraving of the face of jesus made from a single spiraling line that starts at the tip of jesus 's nose .	labels:one example is his sudarium of saint veronica , an engraving of the face of jesus from a single spiralling line that starts at the tip jesus 's nose -lrb- pictured -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:she made her debut in series 3 's " smith and jones " , broadcast in the uk on 31 march 2007 .	labels:she made her first apperence in series 3 's " smith and jones " , broadcast in the uk on 31 march 2007 .	episode_done:True
text:the effect is also termed the hertz effect , the american journal of science .	labels:the effect is also called the hertz effect , the american journal of science .	episode_done:True
text:the partitions were carried out by prussia , russia and habsburg austria dividing up the commonwealth lands among themselves .	labels:prussia , imperial russia and habsburg monarchy divided the lands of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth among themselves .	episode_done:True
text:witnessing the murder of his colleague owen , jack shoots his killer in the forehead , killing him in an act of swift revenge .	labels:witnessing the murder of his colleague owen , jack shoots his killer in the forehead , killing him in an act of quick revenge .	episode_done:True
text:after receiving suspended sentences several times for anti-government activities , yun retired from politics in 1980 and focused primarily on cultural activities until his death from diabetic conditions and high blood pressure in 1990 .	labels:after receiving suspended sentences several times for anti-government activities , yun retired from politics in 1980 and focused primarily on cultural activities until his death from diabetes and high blood pressure .	episode_done:True
text:a borough is an administrative division of various countries .	labels:a borough is an administrative division in many countries .	episode_done:True
text:while smaller towns to the east , including gundowring and kergunyah , remained under threat , the cfa said that there was no immediate danger to the larger towns of beechworth and yackandandah on the northern fringe of the fire area .	labels:while smaller towns to the east , including gundowring and kergunyah , were still threatened , the cfa said that there was no immediate danger to the larger towns of beechworth and yackandandah on the northern edge of the fire area .	episode_done:True
text:libra -lrb- 1988 -rrb- is a novel written by don delillo .	labels:libra is a novel -lrb- book -rrb- by don delillo .	episode_done:True
text:jacques rené chirac -lrb- born 29 november 1932 -rrb- served as the president of france from 17 may 1995 until 16 may 2007 .	labels:jacques rené chirac -lrb- born november 29 , 1932 in paris -rrb- was the president of the french republic from 1995 until 2007 .	episode_done:True
text:under the 1862 police regulation act pottinger was appointed an inspector of police for the western district .	labels:in 1862 pottinger was made an inspector of police for the western district of new south wales .	episode_done:True
text:in 1265 , simon de montfort , 6th earl of leicester summoned the first elected parliament .	labels:in 1265 , simon de montfort , 6th earl of leicester called the first elected parliament .	episode_done:True
text:pasargadae remained the persian capital until darius founded another in persepolis .	labels:pasargade remained the persian capital unti darius i built the persepolis .	episode_done:True
text:1268 - king stephen v of hungary launches a war against bulgaria .	labels:1268 - king stephen v of hungary starts a war with bulgaria .	episode_done:True
text:william j. " bill " bowerman -lrb- february 19 , 1911 – december 24 , 1999 -rrb- was an american track and field coach and co-founder of nike , inc .	labels:bill bowerman -lrb- february 19 , 1911 - december 24 , 1999 -rrb- was an american track and field coach at the university of oregon .	episode_done:True
text:the fire threatened the loy yang power station , particularly the station 's open-cut coal mine .	labels:the fire came close to the loy yang power station , and the station 's open-cut coal mine .	episode_done:True
text:manchester became the first city in the uk to acquire a modern light rail tram system when the manchester metrolink opened in 1992 .	labels:manchester became the first city in the uk to get a new tram system when the manchester metrolink opened in 1992 .	episode_done:True
text:noli me tangere was finished in berlin , germany on march 29 , 1887 .	labels:in march 1887 , his book , noli me tangere was published .	episode_done:True
text:only smuggling across the syrian border , and humanitarian aid ameliorated the humanitarian crisis .	labels:only smuggling across the syrian border , and humanitarian aid kept iraq from crisis .	episode_done:True
text:it is the county seat of washington county , and , by many definitions , the largest city in a region known as western maryland .	labels:it is the county seat of washington county , and one of the largest cities in a region known as western maryland .	episode_done:True
text:the river originates from lulusar lake , nearly 48km from naran valley .	labels:a main source of the river is lulusar lake , nearly 48km from naran valley .	episode_done:True
text:jewelers often refer to their craft as metalsmithing , and many universities offer degree programs in metalsmithing , jewelry and blacksmithing under the auspices of their fine arts programs .	labels:jewelers often refer to their craft as metalsmithing , and many universities offer degree programs in metalsmithing , jewelry and blacksmithing as part of their fine arts programs .	episode_done:True
text:in 2005 , boreanaz began starring opposite emily deschanel on the current prime time television series , bones .	labels:in 2005 , boreanaz began starring along with emily deschanel on the prime time television series , bones .	episode_done:True
text:honours mitsuko uchida was appointed honorary commander of the order of the british empire -lrb- cbe -rrb- in the 2001 new year honours .	labels:uchida was made a dame commander of the order of the british empire in the 2009 queen 's birthday honours list .	episode_done:True
text:the issue had divided the country , the government , and even bowell 's own cabinet .	labels:it had divided the country , the government , and even bowell 's own cabinet .	episode_done:True
text:the town is mostly constituted of mud houses and small canals that supply water .	labels:the town is made up mainly of mud houses and small canals that give water .	episode_done:True
text:rollercoaster tycoon -lrb- or often abbreviated rct -rrb- is a series of computer games that simulate amusement park management .	labels:rollercoaster tycoon -lrb- or rct -rrb- is a series of computer games where the user can make their own theme park .	episode_done:True
text:women experience less navel lint because of their finer and shorter body hairs .	labels:women have less navel lint because of their finer and shorter body hairs .	episode_done:True
text:if you are reading this page it is possible that this has happened to your rfa .	labels:if you are reading this page it is likely that this has happened to your rfa .	episode_done:True
text:history the district was created in 1994 by merging the previous districts eisenberg , jena and stadtroda .	labels:history the district was set up in 1994 by joining the old districts of eisenberg , jena and stadtroda .	episode_done:True
text:barbara castle , the minister of transport , gave approval on 4 august 1967 for the brixton extension to be built .	labels:barbara castle , the minister of transport gave approval on august 4 1967 to build the brixton extension .	episode_done:True
text:to the south lies the laurenzenvorstadt , that is , the part of the town formerly outside the city wall .	labels:to the south lies the " suburb " , that is , the part of the town formerly outside the city wall .	episode_done:True
text:most paranthropus species seem almost certainly not to have used language nor to have controlled fire , although they are directly associated with the latter at swartkrans , south africa .	labels:most paranthropus species seem almost certainly to have not used language or to have controlled fire , although they are directly associated with the latter at swartkrans , south africa .	episode_done:True
text:in syntax , a verb is a word -lrb- part of speech -rrb- that usually denotes an action -lrb- bring , read -rrb- , an occurrence -lrb- decompose , glitter -rrb- , or a state of being -lrb- exist , stand -rrb- .	labels:a verb is a kind of word -lrb- see part of speech -rrb- that usually tells about an action or a state and is the main part of a sentence .	episode_done:True
text:sea snakes occur mainly in the indian ocean and the southwest pacific .	labels:they can also be found in the indian ocean and the pacific .	episode_done:True
text:he went on to author the animator 's bible the illusion of life with frank thomas .	labels:he went on to write the animator 's book the illusion of life with frank thomas .	episode_done:True
text:launched in 1994 , instyle currently has a circulation of 1.7 million .	labels:it started in 1995 , it has a circulation of about 1.7 million .	episode_done:True
text:this can be mitigated by using multiple kerberos servers and fallback authentication mechanisms .	labels:this can be solved by using multiple kerberos servers and emergency authentication mechanisms .	episode_done:True
text:this is also the origin of the terms ante meridiem and post meridiem as noted below .	labels:this is also the origin of the terms a.m. and p.m. , ante meridiem and post meridiem .	episode_done:True
text:he proceeded to score in celtic 's 1 0 uefa champions league win against copenhagen from the penalty spot and netted two in the 3 0 win over benfica .	labels:he then went on to score in celtic 's 1 0 uefa champions league win against copenhagen from the penalty spot and scored two in the 3 0 win over benfica .	episode_done:True
text:kerberos protocol messages are protected against eavesdropping and replay attacks .	labels:kerberos protocol messages are protected against spying and replay attacks .	episode_done:True
text:bagnotar is bounded by the following union councils , to the north by sarbhana , to the east and to the south by namli maira , and to the west by bagh .	labels:bagnotar is next to the following union councils , to the north by sarbhana , to the east and to the south by namli maira , and to the west by bagh .	episode_done:True
text:it crossed the florida peninsula that night , causing the issuance of numerous severe thunderstorm and tornado warnings .	labels:it crossed the florida peninsula that night , causing an issue of several severe thunderstorm and tornado warnings .	episode_done:True
text:the station , and all trains serving it , are operated by national express east anglia .	labels:the station and all trains using it are run by national express east anglia .	episode_done:True
text:tag team match for the world tag team championship 08:51 2 chavo guerrero -lrb- c -rrb- defeated jimmy wang yang .	labels:tag team match for the world tag team championship 08:51 2 chavo guerrero -lrb- c -rrb- beat jimmy wang yang .	episode_done:True
text:tarvos , or saturn xxi , is a prograde irregular satellite of saturn .	labels:tarvos or saturn xxi is a non-spherical moon of saturn .	episode_done:True
text:a small community formed that same year about 4 miles -lrb- 6 km -rrb- east of the present city .	labels:a small community was created about four miles -lrb- 6 km -rrb- east of the where the city is today .	episode_done:True
text:super mario rpg : legend of the seven stars , often shortened and officially known in japan as , is a hybrid adventure / console role-playing game developed and published by square -lrb- now square enix -rrb- and nintendo .	labels:super mario rpg : legend of the seven stars , -lrb- also called as in japan -rrb- , is a role-playing game made by square co . -lrb- now known as square enix -rrb- and published by nintendo .	episode_done:True
text:some of the characters are fully fictional , although they may have been based on actual persons .	labels:some of the characters are fully fictional , but they may have been based on actual persons .	episode_done:True
text:in a departure from his usual repertoire , he sang " you ' ll never walk alone " from the broadway musical carousel at the berlin live 8 concert in 2005 .	labels:as a change from the usual music he sings , he sang " you ' ll never walk alone " from the broadway musical carousel at the berlin live 8 concert in 2005 .	episode_done:True
text:in addition , many feel that they are being pathologized for simply being different .	labels:many feel that they are being diagnosed with a disease only for being different .	episode_done:True
text:celestus fowleri is a species of lizard in the anguidae family .	labels:celestus fowleri is a kind of lizard of the anguidae family .	episode_done:True
text:by the 1990s , the end of the cold war and normalisation of relations between some countries improved the prospects for creating a rail network across the asian continent .	labels:by the 1990s , the end of the cold war , and normal relations between some countries , made it seem more possible to create a rail network across the asian continent .	episode_done:True
text:history and mandate the drug enforcement administration was established on 1 july 1973 , by reorganization plan no. 2 of 1973 , signed by president richard nixon on 28 march 1973 .	labels:history the drug enforcement administration was started on 1 july 1973 , by reorganization plan no. 2 of 1973 , signed by president richard nixon on 28 march 1973 .	episode_done:True
text:the national coat of arms of denmark consists of three crowned blue lions accompanied by nine red hearts , all in a golden shield .	labels:the coat of arms of denmark consists of three crowned blue lions with nine red hearts , all in a golden shield .	episode_done:True
text:however , admirals have always needed additional facilities ; a meeting room large enough to hold all the captains of the fleet , and a place for the admiral 's staff to make plans and draw up orders .	labels:however , admirals have always needed a special place ; a meeting room large enough to hold all the captains of the fleet , and a place for the admiral 's staff to make plans and draw up orders .	episode_done:True
text:the san antonio spurs are an american professional basketball team based in san antonio , texas .	labels:the san antonio spurs are a team in the national basketball association in san antonio , texas .	episode_done:True
text:implementations ssl and tls have been widely implemented in several open source software projects .	labels:usage ssl and tls have been widely used in several open source software projects .	episode_done:True
text:other mario sports games include the camelot-developed series mario golf and mario tennis , and , respectively , the baseball and soccer games mario superstar baseball and super mario strikers .	labels:there have been other mario sports games like mario golf and mario tennis , and the baseball and soccer games mario superstar baseball and super mario strikers .	episode_done:True
text:today i feel silly , and other moods that make my day , 1998 ; listed on the new york times best-seller list for 9 weeks .	labels:her 1998 book , today i feel silly , and other moods that make my day , made the best-seller list in the new york times .	episode_done:True
text:islam emphasizes unity and defense of fellow muslims , although many divisions of islam -lrb- see sunni-shia relations , for example -rrb- exist .	labels:the faith emphasizes unity and defense of fellow muslims , so it is common for these nations to cooperate .	episode_done:True
text:this split the tigers into two groups which then went on to develop independently .	labels:this split the tigers into two groups which then went onto develop alone .	episode_done:True
text:the area was the home of the soanian culture , which is evidenced by the discovery of fossils , tools , coins , and remains of ancient archaeological sites .	labels:the area was the home of the soan culture -lrb- a stone age culture -rrb- , and there are many fossils , tools , coins , and remains of ancient archaeological sites .	episode_done:True
text:the genome includes both the genes and the non-coding sequences of the dna .	labels:this includes both the genes and the non-coding sequences of the dna .	episode_done:True
text:melodifestivalen 2008 on february 23 oliv participated in melodifestivalen 2008 , as she played cello during mickey huskic entry in semifinal three .	labels:annie oliv will play cello during melodifestivalen 2008 in mickey huskics entry in semifinal number three on february 23 .	episode_done:True
text:muslims performing i ' tikaf are required to stay within the mosque for ten consecutive days , often in worship or learning about islam .	labels:muslims performing i ' tikaf have to stay inside the mosque for ten days , often in worship or learning about islam .	episode_done:True
text:these somewhat abstract concerns tend to determine some but not all details of a specific concrete market system where buyers and sellers actually meet and commit to trade .	labels:these somewhat abstract concerns usually determine some but not all details of a specific concrete market system where buyers and sellers actually meet and commit to trade .	episode_done:True
text:free lossless audio codec -lrb- flac -rrb- is a file format for lossless audio data compression .	labels:flac -lrb- which stands for free lossless audio codec -rrb- is a way to encode audio files .	episode_done:True
text:on december 19 , 2006 , a large white plume of condensing steam was observed , leading some media people to assume there had been a small eruption .	labels:on december 19 , 2006 , a large white plume of steam was seen , and some journalists from the media thought there had been a small eruption .	episode_done:True
text:many of the municipalities in the area receive their drinking water directly from vättern .	labels:many of the people living in the area get their drinking water directly from vättern .	episode_done:True
text:he resumed his post in july , with no apparent reduction in his ruthlessness .	labels:he went back to his job in july , with no reduction seen in his actions .	episode_done:True
text:lady agnes hay 's son , alexander duff , married princess louise , daughter of king edward vii .	labels:their son , alexander duff , married princess louise , who was the daughter of edward vii .	episode_done:True
text:santiago , is the capital and largest city of chile , and the center of its largest conurbation -lrb- greater santiago -rrb- .	labels:santiago , chile -lrb- santiago of chile or santiago de chile -rrb- is the capital of chile and the largest city in the country .	episode_done:True
text:selling out is often seen as gaining success at the cost of credibility .	labels:selling out is seen as getting success at the cost of credibility .	episode_done:True
text:it is 78 % nitrogen and 21 % oxygen , with trace amounts of water vapor , carbon dioxide and other gaseous molecules .	labels:the earth 's atmosphere is made of roughly 78 % nitrogen , 21 % oxygen and small amounts of other gases .	episode_done:True
text:he returns in the 2007 series of doctor who , reuniting with the tenth incarnation of the doctor , and returned again for the 2008 series .	labels:he comes back into doctor who in the 2007 series and he meets the tenth doctor , and returned again for the 2008 series .	episode_done:True
text:luciano spinosi -lrb- born may 9 , 1950 , rome -rrb- is an italian former football player .	labels:luciano spinosi -lrb- born 9 may , 1950 -rrb- is a former italian football player .	episode_done:True
text:etymology this bird 's name commemorates the american ornithologist george newbold lawrence .	labels:this bird 's name is for the american ornithologist -lrb- bird expert -rrb- , george newbold lawrence .	episode_done:True
text:punt road underpasses directly under the station via a major interchange with swan street and brunton avenue .	labels:punt road is under the station with a major interchange with swan street and brunton avenue .	episode_done:True
text:history the district was formed in 1994 by merging the two previous districts marienberg and zschopau .	labels:history the district was formed in 1994 by joining the two previous districts marienberg and zschopau .	episode_done:True
text:on january 4 , 1999 , mick foley , who had wrestled for wcw during the early 1990s as cactus jack , won the wwf title as mankind on raw .	labels:mick foley , who had wrestled for wcw in the early 1990s as cactus jack , won the wwf title as mankind on raw .	episode_done:True
text:taylor walks around the scene spectating without interacting with jordison or the females , there is a moment in which jordison is looking in a mirror and taylor suddenly appears .	labels:taylor walks around the scene looking at them without interacting with jordison or the females , there is a moment in which jordison is looking in a mirror and taylor suddenly appears .	episode_done:True
text:these optional movements were known as galanteries : common examples are the minuet , gavotte , passepied , and bourree .	labels:sometimes other dances were included as well , e.g. a minuet , gavotte , passepied or bourree .	episode_done:True
text:the little book was widely read , especially at paray .	labels:the little book was widely read , even at paray .	episode_done:True
text:the barracks were constructed from large sandstone blocks and carved out of the existing rock on the headland .	labels:the barracks were made from large sandstone blocks and carved out of the rock on the headland .	episode_done:True
text:frederick hubbard " fred " gwynne -lrb- 10 july 1926 2 july 1993 -rrb- was an american actor .	labels:fred gwynne -lrb- born july 10,1926 , died july 2 1993 -rrb- was an american actor .	episode_done:True
text:they are also scheduled to play roskilde , rock am ring , pinkpop , give it a name festival and download .	labels:they are also played in various festivals as roskilde , rock am ring , pinkpop , give it a name and download .	episode_done:True
text:2002 : shuttle bus service is replaced by the suspended monorail called the skytrain connects the terminal building with the intercity train station .	labels:a suspended monorail connects the terminal building with the intercity and ice train station -lrb- high speed and extremely high speed trains -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:approximately half the size of taiwan , it has a land area of 18,575.5 square kilometres -lrb- 7,172 sq mi -rrb- .	labels:at about half the size of taiwan , it has a land area of 18,575.5 square kilometres -lrb- 7,172 sq mi -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:reality television is a genre of television programming that presents purportedly unscripted dramatic or humorous situations , documents actual events , and usually features ordinary people instead of professional actors .	labels:reality television is a genre of television programming which presents unscripted dramatic or humorous situations , document actual events , and have ordinary people instead of professional actors .	episode_done:True
text:the wolf in bottom stands for the former administrative seat pritzwalk , as walk derives from the slavonic wolk meaning wolf .	labels:the wolf in bottom stands for the former capital city pritzwalk , as walk is from the slavonic wolk meaning wolf .	episode_done:True
text:fossils canowindra is the site of one of the world 's great fossil discoveries .	labels:fossils the town is the site of one of the world 's great fossil discoveries .	episode_done:True
text:in it he explains that christ has two qnome -lrb- essences -rrb- , which are unmingled and eternally united in one parsopa -lrb- personality -rrb- .	labels:the church holds the view that chist has two essences -lrb- qnome -rrb- that are united in one person -lrb- parsopa -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the structure was designed by the greek architects satyros and pythis .	labels:it was designed by the greek architects satyrus and pythius .	episode_done:True
text:by 8.30 pm he had attracted the attention of the watchman for the maritime service board , james cargill .	labels:by 8:30pm the watchman for the maritime service board , james cargill , went to see what was happening .	episode_done:True
text:it originated as the title of independent princes of wales in the 12th and 13th centuries .	labels:it originated as the title of current princes of wales in the 12th and 13th centuries .	episode_done:True
text:it serves as an original source of information about the topic .	labels:it is used as an original source of information about the topic .	episode_done:True
text:the most common side effects of taking methylphenidate are nervousness and insomnia .	labels:the most common side-effects of taking the drug are nervousness and sleeping problems .	episode_done:True
text:in the match , kenny grabbed a steel chair and inserted the chair on triple h 's left knee , similar to what the group did to michaels .	labels:in the match , kenny grabbed a steel chair and put it on triple h 's left knee , similar to what the group did to michaels .	episode_done:True
text:its elongation led to the suggestion that eunomia may be a binary object .	labels:its stretched shape led to the suggestion that eunomia may be a binary object .	episode_done:True
text:the impacts appear to have spalled large volumes off the asteroid , as suggested by the angular edges of the craters .	labels:the impacts appear to have blown big volumes off the asteroid , as suggested by the angular edges of the craters .	episode_done:True
text:roman conquest judea lost its independence to the romans in the 1st century bce , by becoming first a tributary kingdom , then a province , of the roman empire .	labels:judea lost its nationhood to the romans in the 1st century bc , by becoming first a tributary kingdom , then a province , of the roman empire .	episode_done:True
text:the females have the unique ability to delay birth of their baby until their previous joey has left the pouch .	labels:the females are also able to delay birth of their baby until their previous joey has left the pouch .	episode_done:True
text:the manchu ethnicity has largely been assimilated with the han chinese .	labels:the manchu have largely been assimilated with the han chinese .	episode_done:True
text:clinical trials with als patients showed that riluzole lengthens survival by several months , and may have a greater survival benefit for those with a bulbar onset .	labels:clinical trials with als patients showed that riluzole gives a better chance of survival by several months , mainly in those with a hard time swallowing .	episode_done:True
text:he said he would attend a third questioning session soon upon his return to israel " .	labels:he said he would attend a third questioning session when he got back to israel .	episode_done:True
text:orenthal james " o. j. " simpson -lrb- born july 9 , 1947 -rrb- , nicknamed " the juice " , is a retired american football player , actor , spokesman , and convicted felon .	labels:orenthal james " o. j. " simpson -lrb- born july 9 , 1947 -rrb- , also known by his nickname , the juice , is a retired american football player .	episode_done:True
text:this marked the beginning of the line of contact between soviet and american forces , but not the finalized occupation zones .	labels:this marked the beginning of the line of contact between soviet and american forces , but not the occcupation zones .	episode_done:True
text:the aes ciphers have been analyzed extensively and are now used worldwide , as was the case with its predecessor , the data encryption standard -lrb- des -rrb- .	labels:it has been analyzed extensively and is now used worldwide , as was the case with its predecessor , the data encryption standard -lrb- des -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:carpets , rugs , velvet , velour , and velveteen , are made by interlacing a secondary yarn through woven cloth , creating a nap or pile .	labels:carpets , rugs , velvet , velour , and velveteen , are made by weaving a a second yarn through woven cloth , making a nap or pile .	episode_done:True
text:to cater for the growth in cranbourne several primary schools have been proposed .	labels:because of the growth in cranbourne several new primary schools are being planned .	episode_done:True
text:the collective term for all types of ammunition is munitions .	labels:the group word for all types of ammunition is munitions .	episode_done:True
text:osbourne later became a judge on the talent shows the x factor and america 's got talent .	labels:she has also been a judge on the talent shows the x factor and america 's got talent .	episode_done:True
text:bangui manufactures include textiles , food products , beer , shoes , and soap .	labels:bangui makes textiles , food products , beer , shoes , and soap .	episode_done:True
text:he earned a doctorate in 1950 with a 28 page dissertation on non-cooperative games .	labels:he received a ph.d. in 1950 with a dissertation on non-cooperative games .	episode_done:True
text:pontedera is an italian industrial town in tuscany , italy , in the administrative province of pisa .	labels:pontedera is a small italian industrial town in tuscany , italy , in the province of pisa .	episode_done:True
text:in addition there are 10 ground-level stations and four above ground .	labels:there are also 10 stations above the ground and 3 on bridges .	episode_done:True
text:sir simon denis rattle , cbe , frsa , -lrb- born 19 january 1955 -rrb- is an english conductor .	labels:sir simon rattle , -lrb- born liverpool , 19 january 1955 -rrb- is an english conductor .	episode_done:True
text:lothar -lrb- " emma " -rrb- emmerich -lrb- 29 november 1941 13 august 2003 -rrb- was a german football -lrb- soccer -rrb- player .	labels:lothar emmerich -lrb- born 29 november , 1941 -rrb- is a former german football player .	episode_done:True
text:after a version of a software package has remained in unstable for a certain length of time -lrb- depending on the urgency of the software 's changes -rrb- , that package is automatically migrated to the testing distribution .	labels:after a version of a software package has remained in unstable for a certain length of time -lrb- depending on how urgent the changes are -rrb- , that package is automatically moved to the testing distribution .	episode_done:True
text:when south africa became a republic in 1961 , pretoria remained its administrative capital .	labels:when south africa became a republic in 1961 , pretoria stayed its administrative capital .	episode_done:True
text:a fundamental connection was noticed between the module theory , and the p-adic l-functions that were defined in the 1960s by kubota and leopoldt .	labels:a basic connection was noticed between the module theory , and the p-adic l-functions that were defined in the 1960s by kubota and leopoldt .	episode_done:True
text:progress in developing the tar was hindered by political and economic obstacles throughout the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s .	labels:progress in developing the tar was slowed by political and economic problems during the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s .	episode_done:True
text:1263 - the chieftains of the eastern part of iceland become the last to pledge fealty to the norwegian king , bringing a more complete end to the icelandic commonwealth and the icelandic civil war .	labels:1263 - the chieftains of the eastern part of iceland become the last to people to say that they that is was their duty to be loyal to the norwegian king .	episode_done:True
text:originally made for the apple ii , they were later ported to other platforms .	labels:first , made for the apple ii , they were later moved to other platforms .	episode_done:True
text:john lennon and yoko ono conduct their bed-in at the queen elizabeth hotel in montreal , quebec .	labels:john lennon and yoko ono record " give peace a chance " at their " bed-in " in montreal .	episode_done:True
text:eventually 58 of her 77 published works first appeared in the journal 's pages .	labels:she wrote 77 published works of which 58 were first published in the journal .	episode_done:True
text:history the mail on sunday was first launched on 2 may 1982 , to complement the daily mail .	labels:history the mail on sunday was first launched on 2 may 1982 , to go with the daily mail .	episode_done:True
text:she agreed , and light was restored to the earth .	labels:she agreed , and light came back to the earth .	episode_done:True
text:microsoft phased out all development of its java virtual machine -lrb- jvm -rrb- from windows 2000 in sp3 .	labels:microsoft stopped developing their java virtual machine -lrb- jvm -rrb- for windows 2000 in service pack 3 .	episode_done:True
text:many women begin their careers in adulthood .	labels:many women begin their careers as adults .	episode_done:True
text:kevin ferguson -lrb- born february 8 , 1974 -rrb- , better known as kimbo slice , is a bahamian-american mixed-martial arts fighter .	labels:kevin ferguson also known as kimbo slice -lrb- born on february 8 , 1974 -rrb- is a american mixed martial arts fighter .	episode_done:True
text:to the north the canton is bounded by the swiss cantons of vaud and bern ; the cantons of uri and ticino lie to its east .	labels:to the north the canton there are the swiss cantons of vaud and bern ; the cantons of uri and ticino lie to its east .	episode_done:True
text:south somerset is a local government district in somerset , england .	labels:south somerset is a district in the county of somerset .	episode_done:True
text:they are distinguished from the higher plants by a lack of true roots , stems or leaves .	labels:they are different from the higher plants by a lack of " normal " roots , stems or leaves .	episode_done:True
text:approximately ten percent of the known runestones announce the travels and deaths of men abroad .	labels:about 10 percent of the known stones tell about the travels and deaths of persons abroad .	episode_done:True
text:his late life was marked by stereo recordings with the columbia symphony orchestra .	labels:in his later life he made many stereo recordings with the columbia symphony orchestra .	episode_done:True
text:a similar provision can be seen today at château de tarascon .	labels:a similar design can be seen today at château de tarascon .	episode_done:True
text:she also visits mainland of china , hong kong , malaysia and singapore frequently for promotional rounds .	labels:she also visits china , hong kong , malaysia and singapore , where many of her fans are .	episode_done:True
text:there are also four stations , reserved for future service : volokolamskaya of tagansko-krasnopresnenskaya line , delovoi tsentr of kalininskaya and solntsevskaya lines and park pobedy of solntsevskaya line .	labels:there are also 4 stations , which are not opened yet : volokolamskaya of tagansko-krasnopresnenskaya line , delovoy center of kalininskaya and solntsevskaya lines and park pobedy of solntsevskaya line .	episode_done:True
text:career he studied with the english-born composer henry hugo pierson in stuttgart , and with william sterndale bennett and the pianist edward dannreuther in london .	labels:he learned from the english-born composer henry hugo pierson in stuttgart , and with william sterndale bennett and the pianist edward dannreuther in london .	episode_done:True
text:history the district was created on june 12 , 1994 by merging the previous districts röbel and waren , and a few municipalities from the districts malchin and neustrelitz .	labels:history the district was created on june 12 , 1994 by joining the old districts of röbel and waren , and a few municipalities from the districts malchin and neustrelitz .	episode_done:True
text:it was erected to commemorate constantine i 's victory over maxentius at the battle of milvian bridge on october 28 , 312 .	labels:it was built in honour of constantine i 's victory over maxentius at the battle of milvian bridge on october 28 , 312 .	episode_done:True
text:the video was premiered on mtv2 on july 14 , 2006 .	labels:the video was shown on mtv2 on july 14 , 2006 .	episode_done:True
text:james howard " jim " thome -lrb- ; born august 27 , 1970 in -rrb- is a major league baseball designated hitter for the chicago white sox .	labels:james howard thome -lrb- born on august 27 , 1970 -rrb- is a professional baseball player , currently with the chicago white sox .	episode_done:True
text:his work is often cited as the basis and motive for contemporary patriots and national activists .	labels:his work was very important for the patriots and national activists , who lived at the same time as kollár .	episode_done:True
text:surnames aaron schock , member of the u.s. house of representatives representing the 18th district of illinois .	labels:last names aaron schock , member of the u.s. house of representatives representing the 18th district of illinois .	episode_done:True
text:the current president is tarja halonen -lrb- sdp -rrb- .	labels:the president of finland is tarja halonen .	episode_done:True
text:the census bureau 's legal authority is codified in title 13 of the united states code .	labels:the census bureau 's legal authority is listed in title 13 of the united states code .	episode_done:True
text:some beverage products such as ales and stouts e.g. guinness rely on this effect to produce the ' head ' on the surface of the poured product .	labels:some drinks such as ales and stouts e.g. guinness rely on this effect to produce the ' head ' on the surface of the poured product .	episode_done:True
text:originally she was viewed as the protector goddess of lower egypt , and consequently depicted as a fierce lioness .	labels:originally she was seen as the protector goddess of lower egypt , and therefore her image was a fierce lion .	episode_done:True
text:mechanical properties of nanosystems are of interest in the nanomechanics research .	labels:the new types of interaction in nanosystems are of interest in nanomechanics research .	episode_done:True
text:in 2006 , phil downing left the band , citing communication problems with other members .	labels:in 2006 , downing left ; he said communicating with other members of the band was difficult .	episode_done:True
text:variant spellings in english include felafel and filafil .	labels:different spellings in english include felafel and filafil .	episode_done:True
text:in private , hindenburg often complained that he missed the quiet of his retirement and bemoaned that he had allowed himself to be pressured into running for president .	labels:hindenburg often complained that he missed the quiet of his retirement and , that politics was full of ideas like economics that he did not understand .	episode_done:True
text:the giant hispaniolan galliwasp -lrb- celestus warreni -rrb- is a species of lizard in the anguidae family .	labels:the giant hispaniolan galliwasp -lrb- celestus warreni -rrb- is a kind of lizard of the anguidae family .	episode_done:True
text:there he played on his only album with the band one hot minute in 1995 .	labels:with the red hot chili peppers , they recorded one hot minute in 1995 .	episode_done:True
text:only traits that help us survive and reproduce are transmitted .	labels:only things that help a species to survive and reproduce are kept .	episode_done:True
text:the administration of the port is carried out by the karachi port trust which was established in the nineteenth century .	labels:the administration of the port is carried out by the karachi port trust which was created in the nineteenth century .	episode_done:True
text:a large proportion of block ciphers use the scheme , including the data encryption standard -lrb- des -rrb- .	labels:a large set of block ciphers use the scheme , including the data encryption standard -lrb- des -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:gothic architecture is most familiar as the architecture of many of the great cathedrals , abbeys and parish churches of europe .	labels:gothic architecture is best known as the style of many of the great cathedrals , abbeys and churches of europe .	episode_done:True
text:a storm of swords is the third of seven planned novels in a song of ice and fire , an epic fantasy series by american author george r. r. martin .	labels:a storm of swords is the third of seven planned books in a song of ice and fire , a fantasy series written by george r. r. martin .	episode_done:True
text:they can be distinguished from butterflies in several ways .	labels:they can be told apart from butterflies in several ways .	episode_done:True
text:some academic journals do refer to wikipedia articles , but are not elevating it to the same level as traditional references .	labels:some academic journals do refer to wikipedia articles , but they do not do this the same way as traditional references .	episode_done:True
text:it took three months and 250 soldiers to roll the gun barrels all the way from north sydney to the batteries .	labels:it took three months and 250 soldiers to roll the gun barrels all the way from north sydney to the forts .	episode_done:True
text:at saturday night 's main event , batista won a six man tag match with rey mysterio and bobby lashley taking on king booker , finlay , and mark henry .	labels:batista won his first televised match since his return , a six man tag match with rey mysterio and lashley taking on king booker , finlay and mark henry .	episode_done:True
text:this volcano is well known for its ash explosions and pyroclastic flows .	labels:this volcano is well known for its explosions and flows of lava .	episode_done:True
text:shatner also played the title veteran police sergeant in t.j. hooker from 1982 to 1986 .	labels:he also played the role as veteran police sergeant t.j. hooker , from 1982 to 1986 .	episode_done:True
text:by early the next day , the remnants of gabrielle were absorbed by an approaching cold front .	labels:by early the next day , the remnants of gabrielle were absorbed by an another cold front .	episode_done:True
text:economy the only economic activity of importance is agriculture .	labels:economy the only economic activity of importance is farming .	episode_done:True
text:2003 – 2005 in 2003 , he played a villainous role in the third installment of the spy kids trilogy spy kids 3-d : game over which was a huge box office success -lrb- almost $ 200 million worldwide -rrb- .	labels:2003 – 2005 in 2003 , he played as a villain in the third movie of the spy kids trilogy spy kids 3-d : game over which was a huge box office success -lrb- almost $ 200 million worldwide -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:following the death of schidlof from a heart attack in 1987 , the amadeus quartet disbanded .	labels:when schidlof died from a heart attack in 1987 , the amadeus quartet no longer existed .	episode_done:True
text:live at wembley ' 86 is a double compact disc live album by english rock band queen .	labels:live at wembley ' 86 is a set of two discs recorded by english rock band queen .	episode_done:True
text:it is the fourth and final novel in his hyperion cantos fictional universe .	labels:it is the fourth and last book in his hyperion cantos series .	episode_done:True
text:this was the first use of franklin to name a tropical storm following the retirement of hurricane floyd of the 1999 season .	labels:this was the first use of franklin to name a tropical storm after the retirement of hurricane floyd from 1999 .	episode_done:True
text:the first mayor of gaborone was reverend derek jones .	labels:the first mayor of gaborone was rev j. d. jones .	episode_done:True
text:tehsils & unions in the district of mardan - government of pakistan it is located at 34 ° 26 ' 0n 72 ° 3 ' 0e and has an altitude of 406 metres -lrb- 1335 feet -rrb- .	labels:tehsils & unions in the district of mardan - government of pakistan it is located at 34 ° 26 ' 0n 72 ° 3 ' 0e and has a height of 406 metres -lrb- 1335 feet -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:much of the province lies in the plain of the arno river and has thus become an exurban sprawl around the city of florence .	labels:much of the province is in the plain of the arno river that became an urban centre around the city of florence .	episode_done:True
text:there are currently over six hundred linux distributions .	labels:there are more than three hundred linux distributions .	episode_done:True
text:bisexual pornography differs from threesome pornography , which typically depicts one man and two women .	labels:bisexual pornography is separate from threesome pornography , which shows one man and two women .	episode_done:True
text:the storm weakened over land on august 26 to a tropical storm , but regained strength to hurricane status at 2:00 a.m. edt -lrb- 0600 utc -rrb- , approximately one hour after ending its passage through florida and entering the gulf of mexico .	labels:the storm weakened over land on august 26 to a tropical storm , but recovered its strength to hurricane status at 2:00 a.m. edt -lrb- 0600 utc -rrb- , about one hour after ending its passage through florida and entering the gulf of mexico .	episode_done:True
text:he was an exceptionally active campaigner and critic in the crisis years in italy after the first world war and into the early years of fascist rule .	labels:he was a very active critic during the years of crisis in italy after the first world war and during the early years of fascist rule .	episode_done:True
text:berlin and paris developed thriving émigré communities .	labels:berlin and paris had large émigré communities .	episode_done:True
text:if you do not accept that the early closure was a good thing please ask the editor who closed it to reverse their actions .	labels:if you do not think that the early closure was a good thing please ask the editor who closed it to reverse their actions .	episode_done:True
text:after reviewing the documents , some historians suggest that adams does not deserve equal credit with le verrier .	labels:after reviewing the documents , some historians now think that adams does not deserve equal credit with le verrier .	episode_done:True
text:in 326 bce , most of the dozen-odd political units of the former gandhara / kamboja mahajanapadas were conquered by the macedonian conqueror .	labels:in 326 bc , most of these twelve or so countries that used to be in the gandhara kamboja mahajanapadas were conquered by the macedonian conqueror .	episode_done:True
text:special subscription plans are offered to schools , colleges and libraries ; such institutional subscribers constitute an important part of britannica 's business .	labels:special discounts are given to schools , colleges and libraries since these big groups of people are important in britannica 's business .	episode_done:True
text:the endpoints where a continental divide meets the coast are not always definite , because the exact border between adjacent bodies of water is usually not clearly defined .	labels:because the exact border between bodies of water is usually not very easy to see , the continental divide is not always clear for any continent .	episode_done:True
text:it has a stopper at the top and stopcock -lrb- tap -rrb- , at the bottom .	labels:it has a stopper at the top and tap or hole at the bottom .	episode_done:True
text:penshurst place in kent , england has a little altered 14th century example .	labels:penshurst place in kent , england has a hall from the 14th century .	episode_done:True
text:in conceptual summary , a digital signal is a quantized discrete-time signal ; a discrete-time signal is a sampled analog signal .	labels:in short , a digital signal is a quantized discrete-time signal ; a discrete-time signal is a sampled analog signal .	episode_done:True
text:jules captured footage of american airlines flight 11 hitting the north tower of the world trade center .	labels:jules captured footage of the first plane flying into the north tower of the world trade center .	episode_done:True
text:on october 14 , united states reconnaissance observed missile bases being built in cuba .	labels:united states reconnaissance saw the missile bases being built in cuba .	episode_done:True
text:in 1187 , saladin defeated the armies of the crusades at the battle of hattin , largely because he was able to cut the crusaders off from the valuable fresh water of the sea of galilee .	labels:in 1187 , saladin defeated the armies of the crusades at the battle of hattin , mainly because he cut the crusaders off from the valuable fresh water of the sea of galilee .	episode_done:True
text:nearctic -lrb- 1954 1973 -rrb- was an canadian-bred hall of fame thoroughbred racehorse .	labels:nearctic -lrb- born 1954- died 1973 -rrb- was an canadian-bred thoroughbred racehorse .	episode_done:True
text:due to the lack of major effects from hurricane cindy , the name was not retired by the world meteorological organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 season .	labels:because cindy did n't cause any major damages , its name was not retired by the world meteorological organization and will be on the list of names for the 2011 season .	episode_done:True
text:climate tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 ° celsius -lrb- 104 ° f -rrb- in summer , often reaching as high as 47 ° c -lrb- 117 ° f -rrb- .	labels:climate tibooburra has a dry , hot , desert climate with temperatures above 40 ° celsius -lrb- 104 ° f -rrb- in summer , often reaching as high as 47 ° c -lrb- 117 ° f -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:thirdly , for some color blind people , color can only be distinguished if there is a sufficient " mass " of color : thin lines might appear black while a thicker line of the same color can be perceived as having color .	labels:thirdly , for some color blind people , color can only be distinguished if there is enough color : thin lines might appear black , but a thicker line of the same color can be seen in the correct color .	episode_done:True
text:oliver rolf kahn -lrb- born 15 june 1969 in karlsruhe -rrb- is a former german football goalkeeper .	labels:oliver rolf kahn -lrb- born june 15 , 1969 in karlsruhe , germany -rrb- was a german footballer .	episode_done:True
text:other generalizations of the main conjecture proved using the euler system method have been obtained by karl rubin , amongst others .	labels:other generalizations of the main conjecture proved using the euler system method have been found by karl rubin , amongst others .	episode_done:True
text:of jewish heritage , he changed his surname to his paternal grandmother 's maiden name , waley , in 1914 .	labels:he changed his surname to the maiden name of his grandmother , waley , in 1914 , because he was a jew .	episode_done:True
text:a video game publisher is a company that publishes video games that they have either developed internally or have had developed by a video game developer .	labels:a video game publisher is a company that publish games that they have made or that they have bought to be made by a video game developer .	episode_done:True
text:lenzburg transformed into the economic centre of the region in the 19th century .	labels:lenzburg became the economic center of the area in the 19th century .	episode_done:True
text:food is an important reason why el puerto de santa maria attracts hundreds of tourists .	labels:food is an important reason why many tourists go to el puerto de santa maria .	episode_done:True
text:topics such as sanctity of marriage , adultery , alcoholism , prostitution , and religions are woven throughout the album .	labels:topics such as sanctity of marriage , adultery , alcoholism , prostitution , and religion are seen throughout the album .	episode_done:True
text:the citizens expelled it in 1552 , allying with france : this was unacceptable for charles , who sent his general gian giacomo medici to lay siege to it with a florentine-imperial army .	labels:this citizen expelled it in 1552 , with france : this was unacceptable for charles , who sent his general gian giacomo medici to lay siege to it with a florentine-imperial army .	episode_done:True
text:2002 2003 seasons warner began the 2002 season 0 3 as a starter , throwing seven interceptions against only one touchdown .	labels:2002 and 2003 seasons warner began the season 0 3 as a starter , throwing seven interceptions with only one touchdown .	episode_done:True
text:influences regional at the end of the 12th century europe was divided into a multitude of city states and kingdoms .	labels:background towns , states and countries at the end of the 12th century , western europe was split into different states .	episode_done:True
text:during its heyday , chang ' an was one of the largest and most populous cities in the world .	labels:during this time chang ' an was one of the largest and most populous cities in the world .	episode_done:True
text:the most famous example is the lineage of dalai lamas ; the current dalai lama , tenzin gyatso , is held to be the fourteenth mindstream emanation , the first being gendun drup -lrb- 1391 – 1474 -rrb- .	labels:the most famous example is the lineage of dalai lamas , who are said to be reincarnations of the previous thirteen dalai lamas , beginning with gendun drup -lrb- 1391 – 1474 -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:it is produced by antix productions , led by yvette fielding and her husband , karl beattie .	labels:it is made by antix productions , and is led by yvette fielding and her husband karl beattie .	episode_done:True
text:as the new millennium began , stallone starred in the thriller get carter — a remake of the 1971 british michael caine film of the same name — but the film was poorly received by both critics and audiences .	labels:stallone starred in the thriller get carter — a remake of the 1971 british michael caine film of the same name — but the film was not very well received by both critics and audiences .	episode_done:True
text:specific reliability issues may include : the system can not safely be shut down for repair , or it is too inaccessible to repair .	labels:specific reliability issues may include : the system can not safely be shut down for repair , or it is too difficult to repair .	episode_done:True
text:the aggregate income distribution is highly concentrated towards the top , with the top 6.37 % earning roughly one third of all income , and those with upper-middle incomes control a large , though declining , share of the total earned income .	labels:while the aggregate income distribution tends to tilt towards the top with the top 6.37 % earning roughly one third of all income , those with upper-middle incomes also controlled a large , though declining , share of the total earned income .	episode_done:True
text:a cream background indicates an event which was part of the pre-war european championship .	labels:a cream background means that the race was part of the pre-war european championship .	episode_done:True
text:megalibgwilia is a genus of echidna known only from australian fossils that incorporates the oldest known echidna species .	labels:megalibgwilia is a genus of echidna only known from fossils from australia , it contains the oldest known echidna species .	episode_done:True
text:terrorists have seized control of las vegas to instill widespread panic in both the public as well as law enforcement agencies , such as the national security agency , north atlantic treaty organization , rainbow , as well as the local swat .	labels:terrorists have gained control of las vegas to install widespread panic in both the public as well as law enforcement agencies , such as the national security agency , north atlantic treaty organization , rainbow , as well as local swat .	episode_done:True
text:note that two storms on record , hurricane alice from the 1954 season and tropical storm zeta from the 2005 season have formed during december and lasted into january .	labels:there were two storm in the month of january but they formed in december , they were : hurricane alice in 1954 and tropical storm zeta in 2005 .	episode_done:True
text:aigné is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .	labels:it is found in the pays de la loire region in the sarthe department in the west of france .	episode_done:True
text:casting included waheed murad , shamim ara , deeba , ibrahim nafees and talish .	labels:the movie stars murad , shamim ara , deeba , ibrahim nafees and talish .	episode_done:True
text:biography nikodinov is the daughter of bulgarian immigrants and speaks bulgarian fluently .	labels:nikodinov 's parents were both from bulgaria and nikodinov speaks bulgarian fluently .	episode_done:True
text:98 % of the university 's incoming class of 2006 earned a high school gpa of 3.0 and higher , while the middle 50 % of the incoming class earned a high school gpa of 3.60 to 3.90 .	labels:98 % of the university 's class of 2006 had a high school gpa of 3.0 and higher , while the middle 50 % of the class had a high school gpa of 3.60 to 3.90 .	episode_done:True
text:if you absolutely must specify a font size , use a relative size like font-size : 80 % , not an absolute size like font-size : 8pt .	labels:if you must use a different font size , use a relative size , such as font-size : 80 % ; not an absolute size , for example , font-size : 8pt .	episode_done:True
text:history rockingham was first surveyed in 1847 , it was gazetted as a town in 1897 .	labels:people first started living there in 1847 , and it was made a town in 1897 .	episode_done:True
text:oen siew yock took over as principal in 2005 when ong was transferred to nan chiau high school .	labels:oen siew yock took over as principal in 2005 when ong was made to work at nan chiau high .	episode_done:True
text:in 1941 reichsführer-ss heinrich himmler , announced that additional units for the waffen-ss would be raised from non-german foreign nationals .	labels:in 1941 the commander of the ss , heinrich himmler , said that more waffen-ss verfügungstruppe units would be made from non-german foreign nationals .	episode_done:True
text:dijon is the historical capital of the province of burgundy .	labels:dijon is the capital city in the province burgundy .	episode_done:True
text:the islands are considered australian territory and are administered from thursday island .	labels:the islands are australian territory and are governed from thursday island .	episode_done:True
text:spider kiss -lrb- originally entitled rockabilly -rrb- is a 1961 novel by author harlan ellison .	labels:spider kiss -lrb- first called rockabilly -rrb- is a 1961 book that was written by harlan ellison .	episode_done:True
text:he died at age 41 in canterbury of apoplexy , and a monument to him was built in canterbury cathedral .	labels:he died an early death in canterbury of apoplexy , and a monument to him was built in canterbury cathedral .	episode_done:True
text:it was discovered in 1949 by walter baade .	labels:it was found in 1949 by walter baade .	episode_done:True
text:etymology tirunelveli is also called nellai .	labels:it is also called as nellai .	episode_done:True
text:44-47 the plans allow for the long-term replacement of the bus network by rail-based transportation as the primary mode of public transportation .	labels:44-47 the plans allow for the long-term replacement of the bus network by rail-based transportation as the main way of public transportation .	episode_done:True
text:montero gave her first public performance at the age of five .	labels:she first played the piano in public when she was five .	episode_done:True
text:as the church of satan does not publicly release membership information , it is not known how many members belong to the church .	labels:as the church of satan does not let people see the membership records , it is not known how many members they have .	episode_done:True
text:the season was officially canceled on february 16 , 2005 due to an unresolved lockout that began on september 16 , 2004 .	labels:the season was canceled on february 16 , 2005 because of an unfinished lockout that began on september 16 , 2004 .	episode_done:True
text:on july 19 , 2000 , he formed -lrb- with fellow anison vocalists hironobu kageyama , masaaki endoh , eizo sakamoto , and rica matsumoto -rrb- the " supergroup " jam project .	labels:on july 19 , 2000 , he joined as a part-time member of the supergroup jam project with other members - hironobu kageyama , masaaki endoh , eizo sakamoto , and rica matsumoto .	episode_done:True
text:zoutleeuw is a municipality and town in the belgian province of flemish brabant .	labels:zoutleeuw is a municipality located in the belgian province of flemish brabant .	episode_done:True
text:they will float to the top platform level and then descend to harass and attack zub .	labels:they will float to the top of the sky where the recover and return to attack zub again .	episode_done:True
text:a choral scholar is a student either at a university or private school who receives a scholarship in exchange for singing in the school or university 's choir .	labels:a choral scholar is a student at a university who gets money to help with the fees of his or her studies -lrb- a “ scholarship ” -rrb- in exchange for singing in the university ’ s choir .	episode_done:True
text:previously , the language was written in míkmaq hieroglyphic writing , a script of partially-native origin .	labels:before , the language was written in míkmaq hieroglyphic writing , a script of partially-native origin .	episode_done:True
text:m is the thirteenth letter of the basic modern latin alphabet .	labels:m is the thirteenth -lrb- number 13 -rrb- letter in the english alphabet .	episode_done:True
text:the former member of the swiss federal council josef escher was born in simplon .	labels:a member of the swiss federal council josef escher was born in simplon .	episode_done:True
text:at home in haworth parsonage , charlotte and the other surviving children — branwell , emily and anne — began chronicling the lives and struggles of the inhabitants of their imaginary kingdoms .	labels:at home in haworth parsonage , charlotte and the other living children namely branwell , emily and anne began writing the lives and struggles of the dwellers of their imaginary kingdoms .	episode_done:True
text:he also invented the binary system , foundation of virtually all modern computer architectures .	labels:he also invented the binary system , foundation of virtually all modern computers .	episode_done:True
text:sacred music while rore is best known for his italian madrigals , he was also a prolific composer of sacred music , both masses and motets .	labels:works and influence rore is best known for his italian madrigals , but he also wrote a lot of church music , including masses and motets .	episode_done:True
text:stieler began his career as a painter of miniatures .	labels:he began his career as a painter of miniatures .	episode_done:True
text:wilma may refer to : wilma is a female first name originating as a short form of the german name wilhelmina .	labels:wilma may mean : wilma is a female first name originating as a short form of the german name wilhelmina .	episode_done:True
text:storm names 2006 storm names alberto helene beryl isaac chris debby ernesto florence gordon the names listed were used for named storms formed in the north atlantic during 2006 .	labels:2006 storm names alberto beryl chris debby ernesto florence gordon helene isaac these names will be used for storms that form in the north atlantic in 2006 .	episode_done:True
text:extensions were added in 1980 at both ends of the bloor-danforth line .	labels:more track was added in 1980 at both ends of the bloor-danforth line .	episode_done:True
text:he is a member of the austrian writers ' associations grazer autorenversammlung -lrb- gav -rrb- gav members ' list , entry about klaus ebner , retrieved on 2009-02-12 .	labels:he is a member of the austrian writers ' associations grazer autorenversammlung -lrb- gav -rrb- see the members ' list of gav , entry about klaus ebner .	episode_done:True
text:the hubble space telescope observed fortuna in 1993 .	labels:the hubble space telescope saw fortuna in 1993 .	episode_done:True
text:in some videos , the woman may demand that her " straight " husband or boyfriend perform sex acts with the other man as " punishment " for infidelity -lrb- see cuckold -rrb- .	labels:in some videos , the woman may demand that her " straight " husband or boyfriend do sex acts with the other man as " punishment " for cheating -lrb- see cuckold -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the album featured a greater creative input from the quartet , although they still relied on a heavyweight production crew including rodney jerkins , missy elliott , chad elliot , and dwayne wiggins of tony !	labels:the album featured a greater creative input from the group , although they still relied on a production crew including rodney jerkins , missy elliott , chad elliot , and dwayne wiggins of tony !	episode_done:True
text:administrative termination memberships may be terminated at the discretion of the ruling body of the church of satan consisting of the high priest , the high priestess and the council of nine .	labels:memberships may be ended through a decision of the ruling body of the church of satan consisting of the high priest , the high priestess and the council of nine .	episode_done:True
text:the saturnian moon rhea may have a tenuous ring system consisting of three narrow , relatively dense bands within a particulate disk .	labels:the saturnian moon rhea may have a thin ring system with three narrow bands in a disk of solid particles .	episode_done:True
text:he is also co-creator of the short-lived cult television show profit .	labels:he is also co-creator of the short lived television series profit .	episode_done:True
text:vietnam war : four f-4c phantoms escorting a bombing raid at kang chi are the targets of antiaircraft missiles in the first such attack against american aircraft in the war .	labels:four f-4c phantoms escorting a bombing raid at kang chi are the targets of antiaircraft missiles in the first such attack against american planes in the war .	episode_done:True
text:diagnosis is made by seeing these symptoms , having a history of exposure is also helpful but not always found as kennel cough is easily spread through contact with contaminated surfaces such as the ground , toys , sidewalks , dog parks .	labels:medical diagnosis is made by seeing these symptoms , having a history of exposure is also helpful but not always found as kennel cough is easily spread through contact with the ground , toys , sidewalks , dog parks .	episode_done:True
text:toller shalitoe montague cranston , cm -lrb- born april 20 , 1949 -rrb- is a canadian figure skater .	labels:toller cranston -lrb- born april 20 , 1949 in hamilton , ontario -rrb- is a canadian figure skater .	episode_done:True
text:however , the saltire design of the alabama state flag also bears resemblance to several other flags .	labels:however , the saltire design of the alabama state flag also looks like several other flags .	episode_done:True
text:following heraclius , the title commonly became the greek basileus -lrb- gr .	labels:after heraclius , the title was changed to the greek basileus .	episode_done:True
text:the chronicler juan de betanzos who provides us with most of the information pertaining to the huáscar-atahualpa civil war outlines huáscar 's tyranny .	labels:the chronicler juan de betanzos who provides us with most of the information about the huáscar-atahualpa civil war reports huáscar 's tyranny .	episode_done:True
text:interethnic tensions resulted in a horrible massacre , in which most armenians in the town of shusha perished .	labels:the national clashes ended by the terrible massacres in which the most of armenians in shushi town perished .	episode_done:True
text:most of the population were engaged in farming , dairy farming , or tanning .	labels:most of the people worked in farming , dairy farming , or tanning .	episode_done:True
text:mobile browsers are optimized so as to display web content most effectively for small screens on portable devices .	labels:mobile browsers are made to display web content in the best way for small screens on mobile devices .	episode_done:True
text:the japanese clouded salamander -lrb- hynobius nebulosus -rrb- is a species of salamander in the hynobiidae family .	labels:the clouded salamander -lrb- hynobius nebulosus -rrb- is a type of salamander in the hynobiidae family of animals .	episode_done:True
text:leading figures included otto ernst remer , a former major general , and fritz dorls .	labels:leaders included otto ernst remer , a former major general , and fritz dorls .	episode_done:True
text:life in the swamps the first tetrapods are now thought to have evolved in shallow and swampy freshwater habitats , towards the end of the devonian , a little more than 365 million years ago .	labels:the first tetrapods are now thought to have evolved in shallow and swampy freshwater habitats during a time near the end of the devonian , a little more than 365 million years ago .	episode_done:True
text:the following year , a newspaper solicited eleven design proposals -lrb- all but one of which was a nordic cross -rrb- and polled the people to determine the most popular .	labels:the following year , a newspaper printed eleven design proposals -lrb- all but one of which was a nordic cross -rrb- , and polled the people to determine the most popular .	episode_done:True
text:awake is a 2007 suspense thriller written and directed by joby harold .	labels:awake is a 2007 suspense movie written and directed by joby harold .	episode_done:True
text:before 1858 , the precursor units of the indian army were units controlled by the company and were paid for by their profits .	labels:before that the company had their own army units , paid for by their profits and these joined with british army units .	episode_done:True
text:the st andrew , also called the badge-appendant , is worn suspended from the collar .	labels:the st andrew , also called the badge-appendant , is worn hanging from the collar .	episode_done:True
text:the 1992 winter games were the last to be staged in the same year as the summer games .	labels:these were the last winter games to be held in the same year as the summer games .	episode_done:True
text:hahn has played with orchestras such as the london symphony orchestra , new york philharmonic , stuttgart radio symphony orchestra , and the singapore symphony orchestra .	labels:hahn has played with orchestras such as the london symphony orchestra , new york philharmonic , singapore symphony orchestra , just to name a few .	episode_done:True
text:on 30th june 2006 bbc radio 3 broadcast " night waves " to commemorate the anniversary of the battle of the somme .	labels:on 30th june 2006 bbc radio 3 broadcast " night waves " to remember the anniversary of the battle of the somme .	episode_done:True
text:its inaugural concert took place in tel aviv on december 26 , 1936 , and was conducted by arturo toscanini .	labels:the orchestra gave their first concert in tel aviv on 26 december 1936 , and was conducted by arturo toscanini .	episode_done:True
text:the first generator -lrb- no. 22 -rrb- in the south side of the dam started working on june 11 , 2007 .	labels:the first one to begin making electricity -lrb- generator no.22 -rrb- started on june 11 , 2007 .	episode_done:True
text:the post office was established on may 24 , 1897 , and took its name from koweta mission .	labels:the post office was established on may 24 , 1897 , and was named after the koweta mission .	episode_done:True
text:the gentoo penguin , pygoscelis papua , is easily recognized by the wide white stripe extending like a bonnet across the top of its head .	labels:the gentoo penguin -lrb- pygoscelis papua -rrb- is a species of penguin easily recognized by the white stripe , similar to a bonnet , across it 's head .	episode_done:True
text:munroe bight to the north of cape pillar is named after the former american barque james munroe wrecked there in 1850 .	labels:munroe bight to the north of cape pillar is named after the american ship james munroe wrecked there in 1850 .	episode_done:True
text:references external links mariano josé de larra in the biblioteca virtual miguel de cervantes .	labels:other websites mariano josé de larra in the biblioteca virtual miguel de cervantes .	episode_done:True
text:lecture by archbishop jean-louis tauran , 22 april 2002 the holy see , not the vatican city , maintains diplomatic relations with states and participates in international organizations .	labels:the holy see , not the vatican city , maintains diplomatic relations with states -lrb- such as with the united kingdom -rrb- , and participates in international organizations .	episode_done:True
text:around 1125 , her father died and she succeeded as countess of boulogne .	labels:she also became the countess of boulogne when her father died in 1125 .	episode_done:True
text:armand jean du plessis de richelieu , cardinal-duc de richelieu -lrb- 9 september 1585 – 4 december 1642 -rrb- , was a french clergyman , noble , and statesman .	labels:armand jean du plessis , better known as cardinal richelieu -lrb- 9 september 1585 – 4 december 1642 -rrb- was a french clergyman , noble , and statesman .	episode_done:True
text:although these parties may describe themselves as " libertarian , " their ideologies differ considerably and not all of them espouse all elements of the libertarian agenda .	labels:although these parties may call themselves " libertarian , " their way of thinking may differ from one another and not all of them can be described as really libertarian .	episode_done:True
text:conjunction is a term used in positional astronomy and astrology .	labels:conjunction is a word used in astronomy and astrology .	episode_done:True
text:the town of carluke -lrb- gaelic : cathair moluaig -rrb- lies in the heart of the lanarkshire countryside in south lanarkshire , scotland , 5.4 miles northwest of lanark and 5 miles south-east of wishaw .	labels:the town of carluke is situated in the centre of the scottish countryside in south lanarkshire , scotland , 5.4 miles north-west of lanark and 5 miles south-east of wishaw .	episode_done:True
text:in the third round , the conference finals , the two remaining teams in each conference play each other , with the conference champions proceeding to the stanley cup finals .	labels:in the third round , the conference finals , the two teams left in each conference play each other , with the conference champions going to the stanley cup finals .	episode_done:True
text:a batter against whom three strikes are recorded strikes out .	labels:a strikeout is when a batter has three strikes .	episode_done:True
text:however , by the end of the movie , she is more outgoing and confident .	labels:by the end of the movie , she is more confident and happy with herself .	episode_done:True
text:however , he was criticised for the un 's failure to act during the 1994 rwandan genocide , which officially left over 1 million people dead , and he appeared unable to muster support in the un for intervention in the continuing angolan civil war .	labels:he was criticised for the un 's failure to act during the 1994 rwandan genocide , which officially left about 937,000 people dead , and he appeared unable to muster support in the un for intervention in the continuing angolan civil war .	episode_done:True
text:this disease is often mild and attacks often pass unnoticed .	labels:it is often mild and an attack can pass unnoticed .	episode_done:True
text:bridges in the united states is a link page for any notable bridge in the united states of america .	labels:the list of bridges in the united states is a link page for some bridges in the united states .	episode_done:True
text:in modern times , the waters are 70 % to 90 % used for human purposes and the flow is much reduced .	labels:in modern times , 70 % to 90 % of the waters is used for human purposes and the flow is much smaller .	episode_done:True
text:in june 2001 , the angle grew in intensity as the wwf storylines somewhat abated to make room for the central invasion storyline .	labels:in june 2001 , the storyline got more intense as more wwf storylines ended to make room for the central invasion storyline .	episode_done:True
text:in 1997 he was forced to leave his home after it was flooded by the water of the reservoir .	labels:in 1997 he had to leave his home , after it was flooded by the water of the dam .	episode_done:True
text:subsequently , she appeared in several episodes of the television series nypd blue during 1994 and 1995 .	labels:after that , she appeared in several episodes of the television series nypd blue during 1994 and 1995 .	episode_done:True
text:although it has an orbit similar to the flora family asteroids , 298 baptistina was found to be an unrelated interloper .	labels:although it has an orbit similar to the flora family asteroids , it was found to be an unrelated asteroid .	episode_done:True
text:this is a list of victims of nazism who were noted for their achievements .	labels:this is a list of victims of nazism who were famous for some reason .	episode_done:True
text:her active repertoire spans from bach to penderecki , from vivaldi to shostakovitch , containing over 40 works with orchestra and about 60 works of chamber music .	labels:her repertoire -lrb- from bach to penderecki , from vivaldi to shostakovitch -rrb- , contains over 40 works with orchestra and about 60 works of chamber music .	episode_done:True
text:the komodo dragon 's diet is wide-ranging , and includes invertebrates , other reptiles -lrb- including smaller komodo dragons -rrb- , birds , bird eggs , small mammals , monkeys , wild boar , goats , deer , horses , and water buffalo .	labels:the komodo dragon 's diet includes invertebrates , other reptiles -lrb- including smaller komodo dragons -rrb- , birds , bird eggs , small mammals , monkeys , wild boars , goats , deer , horses , and water buffalos .	episode_done:True
text:the secretary of state for culture , media and sport is a united kingdom cabinet position with responsibility for the department for culture , media and sport .	labels:the secretary of state for culture , media and sport is a uk cabinet position with responsibility for the department for culture , media and sport .	episode_done:True
text:it is believed by christians to have been written by human authors under the inspiration of the holy spirit , and therefore for many it is held to be the inerrant word of god .	labels:it is believed by christians that they were written by people who were inspired by the holy spirit , and therefore it is most often believe to be the word of god .	episode_done:True
text:biochemistry is the study of the chemical processes in living organisms .	labels:biochemistry is the study of chemical reactions involved with living beings .	episode_done:True
text:it is the capital of the giza governorate , and is located near the northeast border of this governorate in coordinates .	labels:it is the capital of the al jizah governorate , and is near the northeast border of this governorate in coordinates .	episode_done:True
text:it is associated chiefly with the holiday halloween , and was named after the phenomenon of strange light flickering over peat bogs , called ignis fatuus or jack-o ' -lantern .	labels:it is used as a decoration during halloween , and was named after the phenomenon of strange light flickering over peat bogs , called ignis fatuus or jack-o ' -lantern .	episode_done:True
text:elliot goldenthal -lrb- born may 2 1954 -rrb- is an academy award and golden globe winning american composer of contemporary classical music .	labels:elliot goldenthal -lrb- born may 2 1954 in brooklyn , new york city -rrb- is a well known american composer of modern classical music .	episode_done:True
text:it is the 9th most populous city of sweden .	labels:jönköping is the 9th biggest city in sweden .	episode_done:True
text:in world war ii , the battle of france , also known as the fall of france , was the german invasion of france and the low countries , executed from 10 may 1940 , which ended the phoney war .	labels:in world war ii , the battle of france , also called the fall of france , was the german invasion of france and the low countries , from 10 may 1940 , and ended the phoney war .	episode_done:True
text:the boosh soon produced three stage shows - the mighty boosh -lrb- 1998 -rrb- , arctic boosh -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and autoboosh -lrb- 2000 -rrb- - all of which were taken to the edinburgh fringe .	labels:the boosh soon produced three stage shows - the mighty boosh -lrb- 1998 -rrb- , arctic boosh -lrb- 1999 -rrb- and autoboosh -lrb- 2000 -rrb- - all of them were at the edinburgh fringe .	episode_done:True
text:pittsburg is a city located in camp county , texas .	labels:pittsburg is a city in the american state of texas .	episode_done:True
text:previous versions were based on knoppix .	labels:old versions were based on knoppix .	episode_done:True
text:goya submitted entries for the royal academy of fine art in 1763 and 1766 , but was denied entrance .	labels:goya tried to join the spanish royal academy of fine art in 1763 and 1766 , but failed .	episode_done:True
text:i elara did not receive its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as .	labels:elara did not get its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as .	episode_done:True
text:many have distinct dietary preferences and regularly occur in close association with their food species .	labels:many have distinct dietary preferences and regularly occur in association with certain species .	episode_done:True
text:while the weight of matter is entirely dependent upon the strength of gravity , the mass of matter is invariant .	labels:the weight of matter only depends on the strength of gravity , but the mass of matter is the same everywhere .	episode_done:True
text:he excelled in history throughout his school years while his grades in other subjects remained average .	labels:he improved in history throughout his school years while his grades in other subjects remained normal .	episode_done:True
text:moderate flooding was reported in acapulco , resulting in mudslides in some areas .	labels:moderate flooding happened in acapulco , which caused mudslides in some areas .	episode_done:True
text:however , some lemurs do possess toilet-claws .	labels:however some lemurs have a toilet-claw .	episode_done:True
text:streets were designated " east " or " west " if they crossed james street or highway 6 .	labels:streets are called " west " if they are west of james or upper james .	episode_done:True
text:a first language -lrb- also mother tongue , native language , arterial language , or l1 -rrb- is the language a human being learns from birth .	labels:a first language -lrb- also mother tongue , native language , arterial language , or l1 -rrb- is the language a person first learns .	episode_done:True
text:armageddon -lrb- 2008 -rrb- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view -lrb- ppv -rrb- event produced by the world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- promotion , which took place on december 14 , 2008 at the hsbc arena in buffalo , new york .	labels:armageddon -lrb- 2008 -rrb- was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event made by world wrestling entertainment -lrb- wwe -rrb- , which took place on december 14 , 2008 at the hsbc arena in buffalo , new york .	episode_done:True
text:this film is one of the masterpieces of the director shabab kiranvi .	labels:this film is one of the hit films of waheed murad .	episode_done:True
text:for that year the festival was moved to other local venues but by the following year the hall had been rebuilt and once again it was opened by the queen , this time at the start of the 1970 festival .	labels:for that year the festival was moved to other local places , but by the next year the hall had been rebuilt and once again it was opened by the queen , this time at the start of the 1970 festival .	episode_done:True
text:in the list below , works by plato are marked -lrb- 1 -rrb- if there is no consensus among scholars as to whether plato is the author , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- if scholars generally agree that plato is not the author of the work .	labels:in the list on this page , a work is marked -lrb- 1 -rrb- if scholars are not sure that plato really wrote it , and it is marked -lrb- 2 -rrb- if scholars generally agree that plato did not really write it .	episode_done:True
text:before her husband ascended the throne , from 1923 to 1936 she was known as the duchess of york .	labels:before her husband became king , from 1923 to 1936 she was known as the duchess of york .	episode_done:True
text:rotten tomatoes reported that the film has a " rotten " rating of 37 % , based on 103 reviews .	labels:rotten tomatoes said that 29 % of critics gave positive reviews , based on 81 reviews .	episode_done:True
text:the german battleship bismarck is one of the most famous warships of the second world war .	labels:the german battleship bismarck was one of the most famous warships of world war ii .	episode_done:True
text:joseph chamberlain -lrb- 8 july 1836 2 july 1914 -rrb- was an influential british businessman , politician , and statesman .	labels:joseph chamberlain -lrb- 8 july 1836 – 2 july 1914 -rrb- , was an important businessman and a politician .	episode_done:True
text:in popular culture rice 's songs have appeared featured several times on popular films and television shows , adding to his mainstream success .	labels:he is known for singer , song writer who wrote sad but beautiful songs appeared several times on popular films and television shows .	episode_done:True
text:the name perth has hence been used for a number of other settlements around the world .	labels:the name perth has been used for a number of other towns and cities across the world .	episode_done:True
text:in geology , a supercontinent is a landmass comprising more than one continental core , or craton .	labels:a supercontinent is a landmass which has more than one continental core , or craton .	episode_done:True
text:the komodo dragon -lrb- varanus komodoensis -rrb- is a venomous species of lizard that inhabits the islands of komodo , rinca , flores , and gili motang in indonesia .	labels:the komodo dragon -lrb- varanus komodoensis -rrb- is a species of lizard that lives in the islands of komodo , rinca , flores , gili motang , and gili dasami , in central indonesia .	episode_done:True
text:it is located near the cities of lille and tourcoing and the belgian border .	labels:it is located near the city of lille and is close to the belgian border .	episode_done:True
text:a material such as gold , which is chemically inert at normal scales , can serve as a potent chemical catalyst at nanoscales .	labels:a material such as gold , which does not react with other chemicals at normal scales , can be a powerful chemical catalyst at nanoscales .	episode_done:True
text:he received the punishment of being forced to shoot an apple off the head of his son , walter , or else both would be executed .	labels:he was arrested and forced to shoot an apple off his son 's head with a crossbow , if he did not both he and his son would be killed .	episode_done:True
text:mammary intercourse can also be combined with fellatio .	labels:mammary intercourse is sometimes combined with oral sex .	episode_done:True
text:he became the head of the ancient church of the east in october 1968 and relocated to baghdad .	labels:he became the head of the ancient church of the east in october 1968 and moved to baghdad .	episode_done:True
text:he tells the story of the holy grail , and reveals himself as lohengrin , knight of the holy grail and son of king parsifal .	labels:he tells the story of the holy grail and says that he is lohengrin , knight of the holy grail and son of king parsifal .	episode_done:True
text:the west african senior school certificate examination -lrb- wassce -rrb- is a type of standardized test in west africa .	labels:the ' west african senior school certificate examination -lrb- wassce -rrb- is a type of exam in west africa .	episode_done:True
text:as iraq-kuwait relations rapidly deteriorated , saddam was receiving conflicting information about how the u.s. would respond to the prospects of an invasion .	labels:as iraq-kuwait relations rapidly grew worse , saddam was getting conflicting information about how the u.s. would respond to an invasion .	episode_done:True
text:zhengzhou is the province 's capital and most populous city .	labels:now henan is the most populous province of china .	episode_done:True
text:united nations career lie led the norwegian delegation to the united nations conference in san francisco in 1946 and was a leader in drafting the provisions of the united nations security council .	labels:lie led the norwegian delegation -lrb- group -rrb- to the united nations conference in san francisco in 1946 and was a leader in drafting the rules to set up the united nations security council .	episode_done:True
text:pretoria previously had a rather sinister image as " the capital of apartheid south africa " .	labels:pretoria was at one time seen as " the capital of apartheid south africa " .	episode_done:True
text:with approximately 77 million members , the anglican communion is the third largest christian communion in the world , after the roman catholic church and the eastern orthodox churches .	labels:with over seventy seven million members , the anglican communion is the third largest communion in the world , after the roman catholic church and the eastern orthodox churches .	episode_done:True
text:in the 1987 hbo television movie conspiracy : the trial of the chicago 8 , hoffman was portrayed by michael lembeck .	labels:in the 1987 hbo television movie conspiracy : the trial of the chicago 8 , michael lembeck acted the part of hoffman .	episode_done:True
text:the national party , promoting a policy of " change " , won 45 % of the party vote and 59 of the 122 seats in parliament -lrb- two seat overhang -rrb- , a substantial margin over the labour party which won 43 seats .	labels:the national party , promoting a policy of " change " , won 45 % of the party vote and 59 of the 122 seats in parliament , a big margin over the labour party which won 43 seats .	episode_done:True
text:in 1861 , parts of caldwell county , burke county , mcdowell county , watauga county , and yancey county were combined to form mitchell county .	labels:in 1861 , parts of caldwell county , burke county , mcdowell county , watauga county , and yancey county were put together to make mitchell county .	episode_done:True
text:the left side derives from the former coat of arms of the district lüdinghausen , while the right side comes from the old district coesfeld .	labels:the left side is from the former coat of arms of the old district lüdinghausen , while the right side comes from the old district coesfeld .	episode_done:True
text:the picturesque city remains an important cultural centre , especially for humanist disciplines .	labels:the paints in the city are still an important centre about culture , especially for humanist disciplines .	episode_done:True
text:it is sometimes recommended to combat diarrhea , since it is high in pectin .	labels:it is sometimes recommended to fight diarrhoea , since it is high in dietary fibre .	episode_done:True
text:originally it was a part of the earldom of bentheim , before it became independent in 1454 .	labels:at first it was a part of the earldom of bentheim , before it became independent in 1454 .	episode_done:True
text:between 1911 and 1913 , he was employed by his uncle in the office of the branch coalmines in west virginia .	labels:between 1911 and 1913 , he worked for his uncle in the office of the branch coal mines in west virginia .	episode_done:True
text:the habitable zone -lrb- hz -rrb- in astronomy is a region of space where stellar conditions are favorable for life as it is found on earth .	labels:in astronomy a habitable zone -lrb- hz -rrb- is a region of space where conditions are best for life to form as it is found on earth .	episode_done:True
text:this loose alliance became a margravate under the bohemian crown in 1378 .	labels:this loose alliance was made a margravate by the kings of bohemia in 1378 .	episode_done:True
text:nevertheless , the raja has equal status with the other rulers and is one of the electors who designate one of their number as the yang di-pertuan agong every five years .	labels:but the raja has equal status with the other rulers and is one of the electors who designate one of their number as the yang di-pertuan agong every five years .	episode_done:True
text:suggested etiologies of the name " kavirondo " include from local young warriors , armed with spears , bows , arrows , & clubs , who were observed to sit on their heels , which in kiswahili is kaa virondo .	labels:suggested origins of the name " kavirondo " include from local young warriors , armed with spears , bows , arrows , & clubs , who were observed to sit on their heels , which in kiswahili is kaa virondo .	episode_done:True
text:one title -lrb- " flying " -rrb- is a 1967 composition credited to all four members of the beatles -lrb- lennon-mccartney-harrison-starr -rrb- .	labels:one title -lrb- " flying " -rrb- is a 1967 song credited to all four members of the beatles -lrb- lennon-mccartney-harrison-starkey -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:telephone cables ran through the tunnels , down the cliff and under the harbour to batteries on the other side .	labels:telephone wires ran through tunnels , down the cliff and under the harbour to forts on the other side .	episode_done:True
text:captain feathersword captain feathersword , " the friendly pirate " , wears a hat , patch , and puffy shirt and wields a " feathery saber " .	labels:captain feathersword is a friendly pirate who wears a coat , hat , eye patch and a sword made of feathers .	episode_done:True
text:green-shaded teams clinched the remaining ten playoff berths .	labels:green-shaded teams won the remaining ten playoff berths .	episode_done:True
text:in popular music , a side project is a project undertaken by one or more persons already known for their involvement in another band .	labels:in music , a side project is a musical project by one or more people who are already famous for their work in another band .	episode_done:True
text:in 1967 , he became chairman of the spd fraction in the landtag , and in 1970 minister of science and education in the cabinet of minister president heinz kühn .	labels:in 1967 he became chairman of the spd group in the landtag , and in 1970 minister of science and education in the cabinet of minister president heinz kühn .	episode_done:True
text:the word is derived from ' pahar ' meaning mountain .	labels:the word comes from ' pahar ' meaning mountain .	episode_done:True
text:its distinctive speckled colouration has given it a common name of magpie moth .	labels:its speckled color patterns have given it the common name of magpie moth .	episode_done:True
text:the district is almost entirely french-speaking and is home to a population of 35,175 -lrb- end of 2005 -rrb- .	labels:the district is nearly all french-speaking and is home to a population of 35,175 -lrb- end of 2005 -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:biological classification is a form of scientific taxonomy , but should be distinguished from folk taxonomy , which lacks scientific basis .	labels:scientific classification can also be called scientific taxonomy , but it is different than folk taxonomy , which is not scientific .	episode_done:True
text:tributes the gould league , founded in australia in 1909 , was named after him .	labels:the gould league -lrb- a bird group -rrb- started in australia in 1909 , was named after him .	episode_done:True
text:they are now abolished , although in northern ireland their former areas are used as the basis for lieutenancy .	labels:they do n't exist anymore , except in northern ireland where their old areas are used as the areas for lieutenancy .	episode_done:True
text:the " angels " name originates from the city that was their original home , los angeles .	labels:the " angels " name is from the city that they came from : los angeles .	episode_done:True
text:article 166 was meant to control the possession of arms , but it was used to target armenians by restricting them to possess arms .	labels:article 166 was meant to control the possession of arms , but it was used to target armenians by not letting them possess arms .	episode_done:True
text:he was a sure tackler and it was next to impossible to fool him on trick maneuvers .	labels:he was a very good tackler and it was nearly impossible to fool him on trick plays .	episode_done:True
text:it peaked at # 3 in the uk singles chart .	labels:it got to # 3 in the uk singles chart .	episode_done:True
text:after her grandfather 's death in 1850 she was trained to teach , but her refusal to acknowledge napoleon iii prevented her from serving in a state school .	labels:after her grandfather 's death in 1850 she was trained to teach , but after few times she saw that napoleon iii prevented her from serving in a state school .	episode_done:True
text:edmontonia was an armoured dinosaur , a part of the nodosaur family from the late cretaceous period .	labels:edmontonia was a very protected dinosaur , of the nodosaur family from the late cretaceous period .	episode_done:True
text:boulogne-billancourt -lrb- often colloquially called simply boulogne -rrb- is a commune in the western suburbs of paris , france .	labels:boulogne-billancourt -lrb- often called boulogne or boulbi -rrb- is a town in the western suburbs of paris in france .	episode_done:True
text:with a population of c . 86,000 , the kolding municipality is the seventh largest in denmark .	labels:with a population of 86,000 inhabitants , kolding is the seventh largest in denmark .	episode_done:True
text:brig is an administrative district in the canton of valais , switzerland .	labels:brig is a part of the canton of valais , switzerland .	episode_done:True
text:gasoline , coal , natural gas , diesel , and other commodities derived from fossil fuels are non-renewable .	labels:gasoline , coal , natural gas , diesel and other commodities that come from fossil fuels are non-renewable .	episode_done:True
text:later in life , she corresponded with gustave flaubert .	labels:later in life , she wrote letters to gustave flaubert .	episode_done:True
text:horgen is an administrative district of the swiss canton of zürich .	labels:horgen is a district of the swiss canton of zürich .	episode_done:True
text:the majority of his anger is generated in endless battles with vyvyan , which he invariably loses .	labels:most of his anger comes up in his endless battles with vyvyan , which he always loses .	episode_done:True
text:jardin place jean bayol is a large plaza which contains a statue of the first king of porto-novo .	labels:jardin place jean bayol is a large plaza which has a statue of the first king of porto-novo .	episode_done:True
text:he discovered a number of asteroids , including notably the trojan asteroids 617 patroclus and 624 hektor .	labels:he found many asteroids , such as the notable trojan asteroids 617 patroclus and 624 hektor .	episode_done:True
text:the royal library of turin is a world heritage site in turin , italy .	labels:the royal library of turin is a important museum in turin , italy .	episode_done:True
text:the armies of the east india company were recruited primarily from muslims in the bengal presidency , which consisted of bengal , bihar and uttar pradesh , and high caste hindus recruited primarily from the rural plains of oudh .	labels:the army of the british east india company recruited mostly muslims in the bengal presidency -lrb- which consisted of bengal , bihar and uttar pradesh -rrb- , and high caste hindus mainly from the rural plains of oudh .	episode_done:True
text:while at the cowles foundation , his research focused mainly on neo-classical growth theory , following the seminal work of solow .	labels:at the cowles foundation , his research was mainly on future prices and wages , following the work of robert solow .	episode_done:True
text:on 20 february 2007 , encyclopædia britannica , inc. announced that it was working with mobile phone search company askmenow to launch a mobile encyclopedia .	labels:on 20 february 2007 , encyclopædia britannica , inc. said that it was working with mobile phone search company askmenow to make an encyclopedia in phones .	episode_done:True
text:a regiment is a military unit , composed of variable numbers of battalions , commanded by a colonel .	labels:a regiment is a military unit , made up of a number of battalions , run by a colonel .	episode_done:True
text:most requests for adminship run for seven days after being transcluded onto the main rfa page .	labels:most requests for adminship run for seven days after being added onto the main rfa page .	episode_done:True
text:references external links lark rise to candleford at bbc .	labels:references other websites lark rise to candleford at bbc .	episode_done:True
text:aang has appeared in other media , such as trading cards , video games , t-shirts , and web comics .	labels:aang has been in other media , such as trading cards , video games , t-shirts , and web comics .	episode_done:True
text:film director richard linklater discusses this novel in his film waking life , which begins with a scene reminiscent of another dick novel , time out of joint .	labels:richard linklater talks about this novel in his film waking life , which begins with a scene reminiscent of another dick novel , time out of joint .	episode_done:True
text:under the order , about 200 buses are available in san antonio and houston to help in evacuations .	labels:about 200 buses became ready for use in san antonio and houston to help in evacuations .	episode_done:True
text:kevin michael costner -lrb- born january 18 , 1955 -rrb- is an american actor , musician , producer , and director .	labels:kevin michael costner -lrb- born january 18 , 1955 -rrb- is an american film actor , director and producer .	episode_done:True
text:a conflict ensues , and when clara helps the nutcracker throwing her shoe at the mouse king , the nutcracker seizes his opportunity and stabs him .	labels:there is a fight , and when clara helps the nutcracker by throwing her slipper at the mouse king , the nutcracker stabs him .	episode_done:True
text:fontane 's first published work , the novella geschwisterliebe -lrb- or " sibling love " -rrb- , appeared in the berlin figaro in december 1839 .	labels:his first published work , the novella geschwisterliebe -lrb- or " sibling love " -rrb- , appeared in the berlin figaro in december 1839 .	episode_done:True
text:werner heisenberg -lrb- 5 december 1901 – 1 february 1976 -rrb- was a german theoretical physicist who made foundational contributions to quantum mechanics and is best known for asserting the uncertainty principle of quantum theory .	labels:werner karl heisenberg -lrb- december 5 , 1901 - february 1 , 1976 -rrb- was a german physicist , nobel prize winner and one of the people who started a new area of physics called quantum mechanics .	episode_done:True
text:it is the heart of all commercial activities in the country .	labels:it is the center of all commercial activities in the country .	episode_done:True
text:two and a half men is an american television sitcom , which premiered on cbs on monday , september 22 , 2003 .	labels:two and a half men is an american television series which was first shown on cbs on september 22 , 2003 .	episode_done:True
text:tdl group announced in march 2006 , in response to a request by chief of the defence staff , general rick hillier , its commitment to open a franchised location at the canadian forces operations base in kandahar , afghanistan .	labels:tdl group said in march 2006 , that because the were asked by chief of the defence staff , general rick hillier , it would open a location at the canadian forces operations base in kandahar , afghanistan .	episode_done:True
text:pethidine is also relatively contraindicated for use when a patient is suffering from liver , or kidney disease , has a history of seizures or epilepsy , has an enlarged prostate or urinary retention problems , or suffers from hypothyroidism , asthma , or addison 's disease .	labels:pethidine is also relatively bad for use when a patient is suffering from liver , or kidney disease , has a history of seizures or epilepsy , has an enlarged prostate or urinary retention problems , or suffers from hyperthyroidism , asthma , or addison 's disease .	episode_done:True
text:when wells are lost to pollution , there is no town water which can be brought in because the town government has no wells of its own .	labels:when wells are polluted , there is no town water which can be brought in because the town government has no wells of its own .	episode_done:True
text:cherryade was first produced in the 19th century , along with other beverages such as limeade and ginger beer , which had come about due to the popularity of lemonade .	labels:cherryade was first made in the 19th century , along with other drinks like limeade and ginger beer , which had been made because lemonade was very popular .	episode_done:True
text:in 1998 , he performed opposite uma thurman in the off-broadway production of le misanthrope .	labels:in 1998 , he acted with uma thurman in the off-broadway production of the misanthrope .	episode_done:True
text:andrew " andy " murray -lrb- born 15 may 1987 -rrb- is a scottish professional tennis player .	labels:andy murray -lrb- born 15 may 1987 in glasgow -rrb- , is a scottish tennis professional .	episode_done:True
text:in the early 1920s honegger shot to fame with his " dramatic psalm " le roi david -lrb- " king david " -rrb- , which is still in the choral repertoire .	labels:in the early 1920s he became famous with the " dramatic psalm " " le roi david " -lrb- " king david " -rrb- , which is still often sung by choirs .	episode_done:True
text:will & grace became a ratings success , and messing gained renown .	labels:will & grace became a ratings success , and messing gained fame .	episode_done:True
text:22 kalliope -lrb- , -rrb- is a large main belt asteroid of the m-type , discovered by j. r. hind on november 16 , 1852 .	labels:22 kalliope is a big main belt asteroid of the m-type , found by j. r. hind on november 16 , 1852 .	episode_done:True
text:the first fifteen asteroids to be discovered were given symbols by astronomers as a type of short-hand notation .	labels:the first fifteen asteroids to be found were given symbols by astronomers as a type of short-hand notation .	episode_done:True
text:her parents moved from gomel , belarus after the chernobyl nuclear accident in 1986 affected the region .	labels:they soon moved from belarus to protect themselves from the dangerous chernobyl nuclear accident .	episode_done:True
text:extinction non-avian dinosaurs suddenly became extinct approximately 65 million years ago .	labels:about 65 million years ago , dinosaurs became extinct , or died out .	episode_done:True
text:one of these , zadok the priest , has been played at every british coronation ceremony since .	labels:one of these , zadok the priest , has been sung at every coronation ceremony since .	episode_done:True
text:the main protagonist , nausicaä , is a charismatic young princess of the peaceful valley of the wind .	labels:summary nausicaä of the valley of the wind is about a young princess called nausicaä .	episode_done:True
text:despite their similarity to members of the genus mus , scientists suspect that the african spiny mice may be more closely related to gerbils than to common mice .	labels:even though they look like members of the genus mus , scientists thhink that the african spiny mice may be more closely related to gerbils than to common mice .	episode_done:True
text:trohman was a poor fit for the band in terms of familiarity with the music and in terms of stage presence .	labels:trohman was not a good fit for the band in terms of knowing about the music style and in terms of stage presence .	episode_done:True
text:koop was a somewhat eccentric and flamboyant figure , well-known for his mustache-less beard and colorful bow ties .	labels:koop was unusual in his style , and well known for his mustache-less beard and colorful bow ties .	episode_done:True
text:it is the third-largest subdivision of china spanning about 1,200,000 km ² -lrb- 463,000 sq mi -rrb- or 12 % of china 's land area .	labels:it is the third-largest subdivision of china spanning almost 300 million acres or 12 % of china 's land area .	episode_done:True
text:the baltic sea drains into the kattegat through the oresund and the danish straits .	labels:kattegat is connected to the baltic sea through the danish straits and belts .	episode_done:True
text:the last election was held on 18 september 2005 , the 16th bundestag convened on 18 october 2005 .	labels:the last election was held on september 18 2005 , the 16th bundestag met on october 18 2005 .	episode_done:True
text:current stations most stations are named for the nearest major road crossed by the line in question .	labels:current stations most stations are named for the nearby road crossed by the line in question .	episode_done:True
text:tropical storm arlene formed near honduras on june 8 and moved northwards .	labels:the storm formed near honduras on june 8 and moved north .	episode_done:True
text:platform game , or platformer , is a video game genre characterized by jumping to and from suspended platforms or over obstacles .	labels:a platform game , or platformer , is a video game where the player has to jump from and to platforms or over obstacles .	episode_done:True
text:it was formerly one of the products of gasworks .	labels:it used to be one of the products of gasworks .	episode_done:True
text:indications approved indications for codeine include : cough , though its efficacy in low dose over the counter formulations has been disputed .	labels:uses codeine is used to treat the following : cough , though its efficacy in low dose over the counter formulations has been disputed .	episode_done:True
text:on the january 16 episode of friday night smackdown , it was announced that swagger would defend the ecw title against hardy in a rematch at the royal rumble .	labels:on the january 16 episode of smackdown , it was announced that swagger would defend the ecw title against hardy in a match at the royal rumble .	episode_done:True
text:a print server , or printer server , is a computer or device that is connected to one or more printers and to client computers over a network , and can accept print jobs from the computers and send the jobs to the appropriate printers .	labels:a print server , or printer server , is a computer or device that is connected to one or more printers and to a network , it accepts print jobs from client computers then prints the jobs on the requested printer .	episode_done:True
text:a ship is a large vessel that floats on water .	labels:a ship is a large vehicle used to travel on water .	episode_done:True
text:tobiko - flying fish roe , very crunchy , reddish orange in color .	labels:it is very crunchy and reddish orange in color .	episode_done:True
text:this was named by the english , but the megalithic mound significantly predates them .	labels:this was named by the saxons , but it was there before them .	episode_done:True
text:by the early 1880s the population was in decline .	labels:by the early 1880s many people had left the town .	episode_done:True
text:it had maximum sustained winds of , and a minimum pressure of 1002 mbar .	labels:it had a maximum wind speed of 35 mph and a minimum pressure of 1013 mbar .	episode_done:True
text:ideas and works that are reproducible at zero cost , or almost zero cost .	labels:ideas and works that can be copied at zero cost , or almost zero cost .	episode_done:True
text:the team relocated from houston to the state of tennessee in 1997 , first playing in memphis for one season before moving to nashville .	labels:the team moved to the state of tennessee in 1997 , and played in memphis for one season before moving to nashville .	episode_done:True
text:a punt is a flat-bottomed boat with a square-cut bow , designed for use in small rivers or other shallow water .	labels:a punt is a flat boat with a broad front , designed for use in small rivers or other shallow water .	episode_done:True
text:the electromagnetic spectrum is the range of all possible frequencies of electromagnetic radiation .	labels:the electromagnetic -lrb- em -rrb- spectrum is the range of all possible electromagnetic radiation .	episode_done:True
text:prime lenses usually have a larger maximum aperture -lrb- smaller f-number -rrb- than zoom lenses .	labels:therefore , fixed focal lenses usually have a higher aperture than comparable variable focus lenses .	episode_done:True
text:with 27.7 % of the daily crude oil production halted due to the depression , oil prices rose further after days of increasing levels , and on september 20 reached a record rate of over $ 84 per barrel .	labels:with 27.7 % of the daily crude oil production stopped because of the depression , oil prices rose higher after days of increasing levels , and on september 20 reached a record rate of over $ 84 per barrel .	episode_done:True
text:that same year , he starred opposite matt damon , ben affleck , and chris o ' donnell in school ties .	labels:that same year he acted with matt damon , ben affleck , and chris o ' donnell in school ties in -lrb- 1992 -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the driver later claimed that the train dispatcher had signalled him with a green light using his hand lamp .	labels:the driver of the freight train later told that the dispatcher in the station had shown him a green light .	episode_done:True
text:location and habitat the area most populated by this fish is at the junction of the amazon river and the rio negro , near brazil 's inland city of manaus .	labels:the area that has the most of these fish is at the section between the amazon river and the rio negro , near brazil 's inland city of manaus .	episode_done:True
text:he has composed and arranged scores for more than 500 film and television productions .	labels:he has composed the scores for more than 500 movies and television programs .	episode_done:True
text:he tossed jörmungandr into the great ocean that encircles midgard .	labels:he tossed jörmungandr into the ocean that surrounds midgard .	episode_done:True
text:hawk nelson is a christian rock band hailing from peterborough , ontario .	labels:hawk nelson is a christian rock band from peterborough , ontario , canada .	episode_done:True
text:naming the mountain derives its name from the german words matte , meaning meadow , and horn , which means peak .	labels:the name of the mountain comes from the german words matte , meaning valley or meadow , and horn , which means peak .	episode_done:True
text:it drifted westward , and the next day it organized into a subtropical depression .	labels:it moved west , and the next day it became into a subtropical depression .	episode_done:True
text:this made her a first cousin of the king 's second wife , anne boleyn .	labels:she was a cousin to anne boleyn , the second wife of henry viii .	episode_done:True
text:on august 7 , 1953 , congress passed a law retroactively setting the date of ohio 's statehood at march 1 , 1803 , the date when ohio 's first legislature convened .	labels:on august 7 , 1953 , congress passed a law retroactively making ohio a state as of march 1 , 1803 , the date when ohio 's first legislature convened .	episode_done:True
text:the employee was eventually rehired at a different nearby location .	labels:the employee was hired at a different nearby location .	episode_done:True
text:microsoft windows includes an implementation of ssl and tls as part of its secure channel package .	labels:microsoft windows includes a usage of ssl and tls as part of its secure channel package .	episode_done:True
text:the forecasters then stated that franklin could " attain and maintain hurricane strength " and make a close approach to bermuda .	labels:the forecasters now said that franklin could " attain and maintain hurricane strength " and make a close approach to bermuda .	episode_done:True
text:in shinto worship , the kami are invited to leave takama-ga-hara and enter a shrine or some other purified place .	labels:in shinto , when a kami is worshipped , it is invited to leave takama-ga-hara and enter a shrine .	episode_done:True
text:direct mechanical power transmission required that industries using hydropower had to locate near the waterfall .	labels:for direct mechanical power transmission industries that used hydropower had to be near the waterfall .	episode_done:True
text:she was also instructor in declamation there .	labels:she was also teatcher in declamation there .	episode_done:True
text:the team 's name originated from the burning of atlanta led by u.s. army general william sherman during the american civil war .	labels:the team was named after the burning of atlanta , led by u.s. army general william sherman during the american civil war .	episode_done:True
text:the polish people , or poles -lrb- , singular polak -rrb- , are a western slavic ethnic group of central europe , living predominantly in poland .	labels:the polish people , or poles -lrb- , singular polak -rrb- , are a western slavic ethnic group of central europe , living mainly in poland .	episode_done:True
text:in biology , signal transduction refers to any process by which a cell converts one kind of signal or stimulus into another .	labels:in biology , signal transduction means any process by which a cell converts one kind of signal or stimulus into another .	episode_done:True
text:she is the daughter of well-known hong kong singer teresa carpio , with whom she has performed on stage as a backup singer .	labels:she is the daughter of asian singing star teresa carpio , with whom she has performed on stage as a backup singer .	episode_done:True
text:area codes in germany -lrb- german vorwahl -rrb- have two to five digits , not counting the leading zero .	labels:area codes in germany for telephones have two to five digits , not counting the first zero .	episode_done:True
text:physically , they may resemble mice , rats , voles , or hamsters , depending on the species and subfamily .	labels:they may look like mice , rats , voles , or hamsters , depending on the species and subfamily .	episode_done:True
text:it involved the wcw wrestlers " invading " wwf television in an attempt to " take over " the wwf .	labels:it involved the wcw wrestlers " invading " wwf television to try to " take over " the wwf .	episode_done:True
text:the riot continued into the early morning , until police used fire brigade water hoses to disperse the crowd .	labels:the riot went on into the early morning , until police used fire brigade water hoses to get the crowd apart .	episode_done:True
text:galileo imaged almost all of the surface of metis and put constraints on its composition by 1998 .	labels:galileo took pictures of almost all of the surface of metis and put constraints on its composition .	episode_done:True
text:atlantic hurricane seasons pre-1600 1600s / 10s 1620s / 30s observation data for years before 1492 is completely unavailable because record keeping was virtually non-existent in the pre-columbian era , and any records that may have once existed have long since been lost .	labels:atlantic hurricane seasons pre-1600 1600s / 10s 1620s / 30s observation info for years before 1492 is completely unavailable because record keeping was non-existent in the pre-columbian era , and any records that may have once existed have long since been lost .	episode_done:True
text:geography off the north coast of the province , some -lrb- cays -rrb- of the jardines del rey archipelago are being developed as tourist resorts , principally cayo coco and cayo guillermo .	labels:off the north coast of the province are a string of cayos -lrb- cays -rrb- - these islands are being developed as tourist resorts , principally cayo coco and cayo guillermo .	episode_done:True
text:this sexual imbalance , combined with the effective enslavement of the tahitian men by the mutineers , led to insurrection and the deaths of most of the men .	labels:the sexual imbalance -lrb- more men than women -rrb- and the slavery of the tahitian men by the mutineers led to fighting and the deaths of most of the men .	episode_done:True
text:it is generally perceived as upscale and more sophisticated than lad mags , such as maxim or fhm .	labels:it is generally thought of as being more sophisticated than magazines , such as maxim or fhm .	episode_done:True
text:note that adrastea is now the name of another satellite of jupiter .	labels:note that adrastea is now the name of another moon of jupiter .	episode_done:True
text:dubai maintained its importance as a trade route through the 1970s and 1980s .	labels:dubai kept its importance as a trade route through the 1970s and 1980s .	episode_done:True
text:she has written well over a hundred books .	labels:she has written more than one hundred books .	episode_done:True
text:bury st edmunds is terminus of the a1101 , great britain 's lowest road .	labels:bury st edmunds is where the a1101 road , britain 's lowest road , ends .	episode_done:True
text:the golden gloves are open to all non-professional pugilists age 16 and over .	labels:the golden gloves are open to all non-professional boxers age 16 and over .	episode_done:True
text:from 1911 on , rij-rousseau exhibited her works in salon d ' automne , salon des indépendants and salon tuileries .	labels:from 1911 on , rij-rousseau showed her works in salon d ' automne , salon des indépendants and salon tuileries .	episode_done:True
text:whedon , firefly companion , vol 1 , 6 whedon wanted to develop a show about the tactile nature of life , a show where existence was more physical and more difficult .	labels:whedon , firefly companion , vol 1 , 6 whedon wanted to have a show that was about when life was physical and things did not come easy to people .	episode_done:True
text:it was discovered by scott s. sheppard , et al .	labels:it was found by scott s. sheppard , et al .	episode_done:True
text:joe byrne commenced school at the catholic school at woolshed in 1862 .	labels:he was educated at a small roman catholic school at woolshed .	episode_done:True
text:the shared secret is either shared beforehand between the communicating parties , in which case it can also be called a pre-shared key .	labels:the shared secret is either shared before parties start to communicate ; in this case it can also be called a pre-shared key .	episode_done:True
text:in 2007 , lessing won the nobel prize in literature .	labels:in 2007 , she was awarded the nobel prize in literature .	episode_done:True
text:by 1870 , more than 2,000 children were being accommodated in five homes .	labels:by 1870 , more than 2,000 children were being helped in their five homes .	episode_done:True
text:to score consistent hits at medium or long range , players must aim using the iron sights on their guns .	labels:to be sure of hitting the enemy at long range , players must aim using the iron sights on their guns .	episode_done:True
text:individuals have also illegally destroyed some trees and are suspected of introducing insect pests from australia which attack the trees .	labels:some people have also illegally destroyed some trees and are suspected of bringing in insect pests from australia which attack the trees .	episode_done:True
text:the candy cane is a traditional candy surrounding the christmas holiday , particularly in the western world , although it is possible to find them throughout the year .	labels:the candy cane is a traditional candy of the christmas holiday in the united states , but it is possible to find them throughout the year .	episode_done:True
text:oyez derives from the anglo-norman word for listen .	labels:oyez is from an anglo-norman word for listen .	episode_done:True
text:a cocktail is a style of mixed drink .	labels:a cocktail is a kind of mixed drink .	episode_done:True
text:the 1974 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1974 , and lasted until november 30 , 1974 .	labels:the 1974 atlantic hurricane season began on june 1 , 1974 and ended on november 30 , 1974 .	episode_done:True
text:moenjodaro is situated 7 km away in east-south of the dokri town .	labels:moenjodaro is found 7 km away in east-south of the dokri town .	episode_done:True
text:it was first published on 16 november 1998 in the united kingdom , although the first united states edition did not follow until march 1999 .	labels:it was first released on 16 november 1998 in the united kingdom , but the first united states edition did not come out until march 1999 .	episode_done:True
text:koxinga proceeded to devote himself to building taiwan into an effective base for anti-qing dynasty sympathizers who wanted to restore the ming dynasty to power .	labels:koxinga kept himself busy making taiwan into a useful base for anti-qing dynasty supporters who hoped to get the ming dynasty back to power .	episode_done:True
text:references external links 121 hermione and s / 2002 -lrb- 121 -rrb- 1 , orbit data website maintained by f. marchis .	labels:references other websites 121 hermione and s / 2002 -lrb- 121 -rrb- 1 , orbit data website maintained by f. marchis .	episode_done:True
text:stuart buchanan as humbert the huntsman : despite his status as the queen 's assassin , the huntsman can not bear to kill snow white , even when the queen orders him to take the princess 's heart .	labels:stuart buchanan as humbert the huntsman : the huntsman is a kind-hearted person who can not bear to kill snow white , even when the queen orders him to take the princess 's heart .	episode_done:True
text:inductors are also employed in electrical transmission systems , where they are used to depress voltages from lightning strikes and to limit switching currents and fault current .	labels:inductors are also used in electrical transmission systems , where they are used to lower the amount of voltage an electrical device gives off or lower the fault current .	episode_done:True
text:daikokuten evolved from the indian deity , shiva .	labels:daikokuten came from the indian god , shiva .	episode_done:True
text:while there , he appeared in several plays , including macbeth , the threepenny opera and henry v , in which he played the title role .	labels:while he was there he appeared in several plays , including henry v , in which he played the most important character .	episode_done:True
text:gorani avoids discussing her political and religious views , citing the need for professional neutrality .	labels:gorani avoids discussing her political and religious views , saying the job needs her to be neutral .	episode_done:True
text:alcazar have taken part in melodifestivalen , the annual competition that selects sweden 's entries for the eurovision song contest , on numerous occasions .	labels:alcazar have twice taken part in the melodifestivalen , the competition that selects sweden 's entry in the eurovision song contest .	episode_done:True
text:rainfall comes only 2-3 times a year , never exceeding 20 mm .	labels:it only rains 2-3 times a year , never more than 20 mm .	episode_done:True
text:the wakker prize -lrb- in german : wakkerpreis , in french prix wakker , in italian premio wakker -rrb- is awarded annually by the swiss heritage society to a municipality of switzerland for the development and preservation of its architectural heritage .	labels:the wakker prize -lrb- in german : wakkerpreis , in french prix wakker -rrb- is given every year by the swiss heritage society to a municipality of switzerland for the making and saving of its historical buildings .	episode_done:True
text:since then , 51 phantom and electric blue watermelon have received nominations in that same category .	labels:51 phantom and electric blue watermelon have also received nominations in that same category .	episode_done:True
text:in 2001 , he was enshrined in the college football hall of fame .	labels:he is now in the pro football hall of fame .	episode_done:True
text:boorowa is a farming town in new south wales , australia .	labels:boorowa is a small town in new south wales .	episode_done:True
text:structure and rules a match between two opponents consists of up to eleven alternating rounds of boxing and chess sessions , starting with a four-minute chess round followed by three minutes of boxing and so on .	labels:structure and rules a match between two players is made up of up to eleven rounds of boxing and chess sessions , starting with a four-minute chess round followed by two minutes of boxing and so on .	episode_done:True
text:stoke play their home fixtures at the britannia stadium , a 28,000 all-seater stadium .	labels:stoke city play their home games at a stadium called the britannia stadium .	episode_done:True
text:north west cape is a large peninsula of land in the north west coast of western australia .	labels:north west cape is a large piece of land on the north west coast of western australia .	episode_done:True
text:the movie and subsequent additions to the franchise .	labels:the movie and other additions to the franchise .	episode_done:True
text:after these " rebellions " , land speculators and other non-métis effectively deprived the métis of land by exploiting a government program for its purchase , with the government perhaps turning a blind eye .	labels:after these " rebellions " , land claimers and other non-métis took away the métis ' land by taking advantage of a government program for buying it , with the government letting this happen .	episode_done:True
text:it is revealed that french museums had nearly 2,000 pieces of art that had been stolen by nazis .	labels:it is revealed that french museums had nearly 2,000 pieces of art that were stolen by nazis .	episode_done:True
text:hermann muhs -lrb- 16 may 1894 - 13 april 1962 -rrb- was a secretary of state and minister responsible for churches question -lrb- minister für kirchenfragen -rrb- in nazi germany .	labels:hermann muhs -lrb- may 16 , 1894 in jühnde - april 13 , 1962 in göttingen -rrb- was a secretary of state and minister for church questions .	episode_done:True
text:bon jovi 's sixth studio album , these days , was released in june 1995 .	labels:the 1995 album these days was the band 's sixth studio album .	episode_done:True
text:libpurple has support for many commonly used instant messaging protocols , allowing the user to log into various different services from one application .	labels:the software can use most instant messaging protocols , which will let the user log into different instant messaging services from one program .	episode_done:True
text:punk rock has distinguished itself from other non-mainstream genres by self-asserting an active anti-mainstream social movement that resists commercialism and corporate control .	labels:punk rock has set itself apart from other non-mainstream genres by self-asserting an active anti-mainstream social movement that resists commercialism and corporate control .	episode_done:True
text:all other subjects may be sat in either ordinary or higher levels .	labels:any exam may be done either in a higher or ordinary level .	episode_done:True
text:from 1978 until 2000 it was an independent municipality .	labels:it was an independent town from 1978 to 2000 .	episode_done:True
text:it consists of the royal australian navy , the australian army , the royal australian air force and a number of ' tri-service ' units .	labels:it is made up of the royal australian navy , the australian army , the royal australian air force and a number of joint groups .	episode_done:True
text:ofelia 's stepfather , the falangist captain vidal , viciously hunts the spanish maquis , guerrillas who fight against the franco regime in the region , while ofelia 's pregnant mother grows increasingly ill .	labels:meanwhile , her stepfather , the falangist captain vidal , hunts the spanish maquis , guerrillas who continued fighting the franco regime in the region , as her pregnant mother grows ill .	episode_done:True
text:on a larger scale , mitotic cell division can create progeny from multicellular organisms , such as plants that grow from cuttings .	labels:on a larger scale , cell division can create offspring from multicellular organisms , such as plants that grow from cuttings .	episode_done:True
text:a change to this law had been considered until princess kiko gave birth to a son .	labels:a change to this law was considered until princess kiko gave birth to a son .	episode_done:True
text:the goaltender uses this glove to deflect shots .	labels:the goaltender uses this glove to stop shots .	episode_done:True
text:also , please do your best to always fill in the edit summary field .	labels:also , please do your best to always fill in the change summary .	episode_done:True
text:rhys ap gruffydd agrees to negotiate with henry ii of england .	labels:rhys ap gruffydd agrees to talk tohenry ii of england .	episode_done:True
text:styles there are many different apron forms depending on the purpose of the apron .	labels:there are many different types of aprons depending on what the apron is used for .	episode_done:True
text:the president pro tempore is third in the line of presidential succession , following the vice president and the speaker of the house .	labels:it is the third in the presidential line of succession -lrb- behind the vice president and the speaker of the house -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:gordon peter moakes -lrb- born 22 june 1976 -rrb- is an english multi-instrumentalist and backing singer for english indie rock band bloc party .	labels:gordon peter moakes -lrb- born june 22 , 1976 -rrb- is an english bass guitar player and singer for the rock band bloc party .	episode_done:True
text:at the end of the 20th century there was an emerging consensus among developmental neurobiologists that the establishment of thalamocortical connections -lrb- at about 26 weeks -rrb- is a critical event with regard to fetal perception of pain .	labels:at the end of the 20th century there was an emerging consensus among developmental neurobiologists that these connections are very important when it comes to the perception of pain in the fetus .	episode_done:True
text:a saddle is a supportive structure for a rider or other load , fastened to an animal 's back by a girth .	labels:a saddle is like a seat for a rider , which is fixed to an animal 's back by a girth .	episode_done:True
text:such peoples ' native languages often have differentiated forms that simply did not survive the transfer to english .	labels:often , the native languages of these people have forms that did not get used in english .	episode_done:True
text:some prefer to soak the lentils for an extended time and discard the water .	labels:some prefer to soak the lentils for an longer time and discard the water .	episode_done:True
text:academics following the media coverage of the essjay controversy , a number of academics noted the damage to the credibility of wikipedia .	labels:studies following the media broadcast of the essjay controversy , a number of people noted the damage to the credibility of wikipedia .	episode_done:True
text:this may be seen in the demand to remove the chief of staff of the austrian army , alfred jansa , from his position in january 1938 .	labels:in january 1938 schussnig had been told to fire the chief of staff of the austrian army , alfred jansa , from his position .	episode_done:True
text:bruno mora -lrb- 29 march 1937 - 10 december 1986 -rrb- was an italian footballer .	labels:bruno mora -lrb- born 29 march , 1937 -rrb- is a former italian football player .	episode_done:True
text:1849 a battle between german and danish forces took place near the town on april 23 1849 during the first war of schleswig .	labels:1849 a battle between german and danish troops in the town on april 23 1849 during the first war of schleswig .	episode_done:True
text:skeletal remains around 2,000 years old unearthed in switzerland indicate that spitz-type dogs have inhabited central europe for millennia .	labels:skeletons from around 2,000 years ago in switzerland show that spitz-type dogs have lived in central europe for thousands of years .	episode_done:True
text:he is one of the founding members of global elders .	labels:yunus is one of the first members of this group .	episode_done:True
text:according to an interview in the uk newspaper the sun , heyman wrote the brand 's weekly scripts and submitted them to writers for possible changes , and then vince mcmahon for final approval .	labels:according to an interview in the uk newspaper the sun , heyman wrote the brand 's weekly scripts and gave them to writers for possible changes , and then vince mcmahon for final approval .	episode_done:True
text:back up an entire system , including user data , to an installable live cd / dvd .	labels:backup all the system , including user data to an installable live cd / dvd .	episode_done:True
text:she escapes with alwa just before the police arrive to recapture her .	labels:she escapes with alwa just before the police arrive to catch her .	episode_done:True
text:in 1952 together with the abolishment of the federal states -lrb- bundesländer -rrb- the district was split into the three parts , which were put together again in 1994 .	labels:in 1952 the east german government abolished the federal states -lrb- bundesländer -rrb- , and also split the district into the three parts , which were put together again in 1994 .	episode_done:True
text:the storm continued to the southwest while deep convection persisted near the center .	labels:the storm continued to the southwest while deep convection laid near the center .	episode_done:True
text:several of her songs have been featured in anime and drama series .	labels:also , many of her songs have been featured in tv shows .	episode_done:True
text:the festspielhaus also features a double proscenium , which gives the audience the illusion that the stage is further away than it actually is .	labels:the festspielhaus also has a double proscenium , which makes it look as if the stage is further away than it actually is .	episode_done:True
text:the apostles ' creed , as well as other baptismal creeds , is esteemed as an example of the apostles ' teachings and a defense of the gospel of christ .	labels:the apostles ' creed , as well as other creeds , was made to be like an example of the apostles ' teachings , and to defend the gospel of christ .	episode_done:True
text:another , " loveliest of trees " , is the basis for his 1912 orchestral rhapsody , also called a shropshire lad .	labels:he used this last song as the basis for his 1912 orchestral rhapsody , also called a shropshire lad .	episode_done:True
text:moorland or moor is a type of habitat found in upland areas , characterised by low growing vegetation on acidic soils .	labels:moorland or moor is a type of habitat that one can find in upland areas , that are characterised by acidic soils .	episode_done:True
text:from 1948-52 , a series of guest conductors led the orchestra , including leonard bernstein and leopold stokowski .	labels:from 1948-52 , several famous conductors led the orchestra , including leonard bernstein and leopold stokowski .	episode_done:True
text:wollstonecraft wrote the rights of woman hurriedly in order to respond directly to ongoing events ; she intended to write a more thoughtful second volume , but she died before completing it .	labels:wollstonecraft wrote the rights of woman hurriedly so that she could directly respond to ongoing events ; she wanted to write a more thoughtful second volume , but died before completing it .	episode_done:True
text:on 22 september , french sudan proclaimed itself the republic of mali and withdrew from the french community .	labels:on 22 september , french sudan changed its name to the republic of mali and left the french community .	episode_done:True
text:the distance between the tip of the mouthpiece and the tip of the reed is known as the tip opening .	labels:the space between the end of the reed and the end of the mouthpiece is called the tip opening .	episode_done:True
text:charity the third of the five pillars of islam states that muslims are required to give approximately one-fortieth of their wealth to charity as zakat .	labels:charity the third of the five pillars of islam says that muslims must give about one-fortieth of their wealth to charity as zakat .	episode_done:True
text:it is the central datum point for measuring distances from london .	labels:today , it marks the central point for measuring distances from london .	episode_done:True
text:c.l. barber , “ shakespearian comedy in the comedy of errors , ” college english 25.7 -lrb- 1964 -rrb- , p . 493 .	labels:barber , c.l. “ shakespearian comedy in the comedy of errors , ” college english 25.7 -lrb- 1964 -rrb- , pp .	episode_done:True
text:a dark albedo feature about across has been named olbers in honour of vesta 's discoverer , but it does not appear in elevation maps as a fresh crater would , and its nature is presently unknown , perhaps an old basaltic surface .	labels:a dark feature about 200 km across has been named olbers in honour of vesta 's discoverer , but it does not appear in elevation maps as a fresh crater would , and its nature is presently unknown , perhaps an old basaltic surface .	episode_done:True
text:franklin delano roosevelt -lrb- january 30 , 1882 – april 12 , 1945 -rrb- , often referred to by his initials fdr , was the 32nd president of the united states .	labels:franklin delano roosevelt -lrb- january 30 , 1882 - april 12 , 1945 -rrb- was a governor of new york and the 32nd president of the united states .	episode_done:True
text:according to the georgian chronicles , he was a son of rev , son of mirian iii , the first christian king of iberia .	labels:georgian chronicles have said that he is the son of rev , son of mirian iii , the first christian king of iberia .	episode_done:True
text:brawl , as did walker for the english version .	labels:jim walker did the same for the english version .	episode_done:True
text:soy milk -lrb- also called soya milk , soybean milk , or soy juice -rrb- and sometimes referred to as soy drink / beverage is a beverage made from soybeans .	labels:soy milk -lrb- also called soymilk , soya milk , soybean milk , soy bean milk , soy drink , or soy beverage -rrb- is a milk-like product made from soybeans .	episode_done:True
text:the film is mainly based on robert drewe 's book our sunshine .	labels:the movie is based on robert drewe 's book our sunshine .	episode_done:True
text:hurricane wilma was the most intense hurricane ever recorded in the atlantic basin .	labels:hurricane wilma was the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the atlantic ocean .	episode_done:True
text:during this period he married , and farmed in lyndhurst , hampshire .	labels:he married and became a farmer in lyndhurst , hampshire .	episode_done:True
text:during his 22-year career , young established numerous professional pitching records in the majors , some of which have stood for a century .	labels:he set many pitching records during his 22-year career in major league baseball -lrb- mlb -rrb- , some of which have stood for 100 years .	episode_done:True
text:music storage and marketing digital audio files can be transported from one computer to another like any other file , and played on a compatible media player -lrb- with caveats for drm-locked files -rrb- .	labels:music storage and marketing digital audio files can be moved from one computer to another like any other file , and played on a compatible media player -lrb- with caveats for drm-locked files -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:arunachal pradesh -lrb- , -rrb- is the easternmost state of india .	labels:arunachal pradesh is a state in the republic of india .	episode_done:True
text:all the bats admire him , and he claims to have caught two tiger moths which are known by all the others in the colony to be an extraordinary achievement by such a young bat .	labels:all the bats like him , and he said he caught two tiger moths which are known by all the others in the group to be an extraordinary achievement by such a young bat .	episode_done:True
text:bernard haitink made his debut with the concertgebouw orchestra on 7 november 1956 .	labels:bernard haitink first conducted the concertgebouw orchestra on 7 november 1956 .	episode_done:True
text:normally a pawn moves by advancing a single square , but the first time each pawn is moved from its initial position , it has the option to advance two squares .	labels:most of the time , a pawn moves by going up a single square , but the first time each pawn is moved from its starting place , it can go forward two squares .	episode_done:True
text:he was buried at westminster abbey on 9 may 1509 .	labels:henry vii was buried in westminster abbey .	episode_done:True
text:it is a rather short book , in both jewish and christian scripture , consisting of only four chapters .	labels:it is one of the shortest books in both the jewish and christian holy books , consisting of only four chapters .	episode_done:True
text:he has also appeared in many highly-acclaimed television dramas such as the lakes , state of play and two bafta award-winning serials ; clocking off and sex traffic .	labels:he has also appeared in many popular television dramas such as the lakes , state of play and two bafta award-winning serials ; clocking off and sex traffic .	episode_done:True
text:under the ring name test , martin wrestled for world wrestling federation -lrb- later world wrestling entertainment -rrb- from 1998 – 2004 , and 2006 – 2007 .	labels:he was best known for his appearances with the world wrestling federation -lrb- later world wrestling entertainment -rrb- under the ring name test .	episode_done:True
text:as recently as 1967 , the world health organization estimated that 15 million people contracted the disease and that two million died in that year .	labels:even in 1967 , about 15 million people caught the disease , and about two million people died of it , according to the world health organisation -lrb- who -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:du pré performed with the most prestigious orchestras and conductors , including the berlin philharmonic orchestra , london symphony , london philharmonic , new philharmonia orchestra , bbc symphony orchestra , new york philharmonic , philadelphia orchestra , israel philharmonic , and the los angeles philharmonic orchestra .	labels:she played with the world ’ s greatest orchestras and conductors , including the berlin philharmonic orchestra , london symphony orchestra , london philharmonic , new philharmonia orchestra , bbc symphony orchestra , new york philharmonic , israel philharmonic , and the los angeles philharmonic orchestra .	episode_done:True
text:together they had 18 children , of whom 11 survived to adulthood .	labels:together they had 18 children , of whom 11 grew up to be adults .	episode_done:True
text:as of 2005 , the schools were : cognitive science -lrb- cs -rrb- : includes linguistics , most psychology , some philosophy , neuroscience , and computer science .	labels:since 2005 , the schools are : cognitive science -lrb- cs -rrb- : includes linguistics , most psychology , some philosophy , neuroscience , and computer science .	episode_done:True
text:simplification by far the most common form of language reform , simplification involves spelling simplification -lrb- cf .	labels:simplification the most common form of language reform involves changing the spelling of words .	episode_done:True
text:early life picasso was baptized pablo diego josé francisco de paula juan nepomuceno maría de los remedios crispiniano de la santísima trinidad , a series of names honouring various saints and relatives .	labels:his full name is pablo diego josé francisco jimminy de paula juan nepomuceno maría de los remedios tim cipriano de la santísima nuts trinidad clito ruiz y picasso .	episode_done:True
text:another 11 performances were presented after that .	labels:another 11 performances were given after that .	episode_done:True
text:genista juncea -rrb- , also known as weaver 's broom , is a perennial , leguminous shrub native to the mediterranean region in southern europe , southwest asia and northwest africa , where it is found in sunny sites , usually on dry , sandy soils .	labels:genista juncea -rrb- , also known as weaver 's broom , is a perennial , leguminous shrub that grows in the mediterranean region in southern europe , southwest asia and northwest africa , where it is found in sunny sites , usually on dry , sandy soils .	episode_done:True
text:chlamydia is easily treated with antibiotics .	labels:it can be treated with antibiotics .	episode_done:True
text:lyndon b. johnson 's speech outlining his great society program also occurred at um .	labels:lyndon b. johnson 's speech about his great society program also occurred at um .	episode_done:True
text:design philosophies two basic designs exist : event-driven -lrb- priority scheduling -rrb- designs switch tasks only when an event of higher priority needs service , called pre-emptive priority .	labels:the basic two designs for rtos are : event-driven -lrb- priority scheduling -rrb- designs : switch tasks only when an event of higher priority needs service , called pre-emptive priority .	episode_done:True
text:almahala tripoli is a libyan football club based in tripoli , libya .	labels:al-mahalah tripoli is a football club which plays in libya .	episode_done:True
text:however the registration law changed in 2006 and since march 2007 official vehicles have got standard number plates .	labels:however the registration law has changed in 2006 so that in after march 2007 official vehicles will get standard number plates .	episode_done:True
text:the lithosphere is underlain by the asthenosphere , the weaker , hotter , and deeper part of the upper mantle .	labels:under the lithosphere there is the asthenosphere , the weaker , hotter , and deeper part of the upper mantle .	episode_done:True
text:puerto rico consists of the main island of puerto rico and various smaller islands , including vieques , culebra , mona , desecheo , and caja de muertos .	labels:the commonwealth of puerto rico includes the largest , main island and a number of smaller islands , including mona , vieques , and culebra .	episode_done:True
text:the contemporary status of the mandaeans has prompted a number of american intellectuals and civil rights activists to call for their government to extend refugee status to the community .	labels:the current status of the mandaeans has prompted a number of american intellectuals and civil rights activists to call for their government to extend refugee status to the community .	episode_done:True
text:the terms of servicepicasa : terms of service permit google to use the uploaded photos to display on the website or via rss feeds , and also for promoting google services royalty-free .	labels:the terms of servicepicasa : terms of service let google to use the uploaded photos to display on the website or via rss feeds , and also for promoting google services without needing to pay the users .	episode_done:True
text:it was also during his tenure in westminster that pope john paul ii made a groundbreaking visit to england .	labels:it was also during his term in westminster that pope john paul ii made first ever visit of a pope to england .	episode_done:True
text:a word consists of a root and a grammatical ending .	labels:a root word has a root and an ending .	episode_done:True
text:the ventricular muscle twitches randomly , rather than contracting in unison , and so the ventricles fail to pump blood into the arteries and into systemic circulation .	labels:the ventricular muscle twitches randomly when it should contract in unison , and the ventricles can not pump blood into the arteries and into the systemic circulation .	episode_done:True
text:palembang is the capital city of south sumatra province of indonesia .	labels:it is the capital of the province of south sumatra .	episode_done:True
text:thus , the first such storage facility in the us was implemented at zoar field , about forty miles south of buffalo .	labels:thus , the first such storage facility in the us was set up at zoar field , about forty miles south of buffalo .	episode_done:True
text:in modern days , joss sticks can be used for any purpose , such as to enhance the smell of a room , or to light fire crackers .	labels:in modern days , the burning of joss sticks can be used for any type reason , like making the smell of a room better or lighting fireworks up .	episode_done:True
text:vikidia is an online encyclopedia wiki designed with mediawiki software .	labels:vikidia is an encyclopedia made with a wiki , using mediawiki .	episode_done:True
text:it takes place in an alternate history of the american frontier in the early 19th century , to some extent based on early american folklore and superstition .	labels:it takes place in an alternate history of the american frontier in the early 1800s , and it is based on early american folklore and superstition .	episode_done:True
text:the methodological ethos is identical , but there is a slight difference in the vocabulary , and specialized is more international .	labels:the basic design is identical , but there is a slight difference in the vocabulary , and specialized is more international .	episode_done:True
text:they can occur at any beach with breaking waves , including the world 's oceans , seas , and large lakes such as the great lakes in the united states of america and canada .	labels:they can happen at any beach with breaking waves , including the world 's oceans , seas , and large lakes such as the great lakes in canada and the united states .	episode_done:True
text:all species have a distinctly bear-like gait , due to their front legs being longer than their back legs .	labels:all species of hyena walk much like a bear because their front legs are longer than their back .	episode_done:True
text:some computers can boot up from flash drives .	labels:some computers can start from a flash drive .	episode_done:True
text:demographics the population of the city is now largely made up of the descendants of laborers who were hired for labor from india in the 19th century .	labels:the population of the city is now largely made up of the descendants of people who were hired for labor from india in the 19th century .	episode_done:True
text:the first parallax measurement of the distance to alpha centauri is published by thomas henderson .	labels:the first parallax measurement of the distance to alpha centauri is found by thomas henderson .	episode_done:True
text:primeval redwood forests , coastal mangrove stands , sphagnum bogs , desert soil crusts , roadside weed patches , wheat fields , cultivated gardens and lawns ; all are encompassed by the term vegetation .	labels:primeval redwood forests , coastal mangrove stands , sphagnum bogs , desert soil crusts , roadside weed patches , wheat fields , cultivated gardens and lawns ; all are meant by the term vegetation .	episode_done:True
text:dar es salaam was retained as the territory 's administrative and commercial centre .	labels:dar es salaam was still the territory 's administrative and commercial centre .	episode_done:True
text:from 1938 , newer ss uniforms featured the shoulder boards of a german oberst in addition to the oak leaf collar patches .	labels:from 1938 , newer ss uniforms featured the shoulder boards of a german oberst as well as the oak leaf collar patches .	episode_done:True
text:references external links official site ibanez guitars and bass museum - ibanez instruments database , resources , user reviews , pictures history of hoshino gakki co . , ltd .	labels:other websites ibanez ibanez guitars and bass museum - ibanez instruments database , resources , user reviews , pictures history of hoshino gakki co . , ltd .	episode_done:True
text:in february 2007 , essjay was found to have made false claims about his academic qualifications and professional experiences on his wikipedia user page and to journalist stacy schiff during an interview for the new yorkerschiff , stacey .	labels:in february 2007 , essjay was discovered to have made false claims about his school certificates and job experiences on his wikipedia user page and to news reporter stacy schiff during a report for the new yorker .	episode_done:True
text:baduhennna is solely attested by tacitus ' annals where tacitus records that a grove in frisia was dedicated to her , and that near this grove 900 roman prisoners were killed in 28 ce .	labels:she is only referred to by tacitus in the " annals , " where he tells of a grove in frisia that was dedicated to her , near where 900 roman prisoners were killed in 28 ce .	episode_done:True
text:the orchestra is associated with the triennial gustav mahler conducting prize .	labels:every three years the orchestra organize a " gustav mahler conducting prize " .	episode_done:True
text:also , it hybridizes with some other wattles , notably the rare and endangered sydney basin species acacia pubescens .	labels:it can also cross breed with other acacias , including the rare and endangered sydney species acacia pubescens .	episode_done:True
text:they often simply groan in disapproval in situations where a human toddler would throw a tantrum .	labels:they often simply groan in anger in times where a human toddler would throw a tantrum .	episode_done:True
text:because of the lack of physical characteristics supporting this group , it is very possible that the subfamily as it is currently recognized is subject to enlargement .	labels:because of the lack of physical characteristics that supportthis group , it is very possible that the subfamily as it is currently recognized could grow bigger .	episode_done:True
text:those who are born in the state are known as " capixabas " , although the precise word is " espiritossantenses " .	labels:those who are born in the state are known as " capixabas " , but the more correct word is " espiritossantenses " .	episode_done:True
text:in 1934 , dupré succeeded charles-marie widor as titular organist at st. sulpice in paris , a post he held until his death in 1971 .	labels:in 1934 charles-marie widor retired as organist at st. sulpice in paris , and dupré took over the job , which he kept until his death in 1971 .	episode_done:True
text:one candidate met with success : alfred waterson who became a member of parliament for the kettering seat .	labels:one candidate was elected : alfred waterson who became a member of parliament for the kettering seat .	episode_done:True
text:this victory brought him 2000 pesetas .	labels:he won 2000 pesetas for his victory .	episode_done:True
text:his character and early life he was considered a modest , prayerful person , he was thought of as honest and pure by his classmates .	labels:his character and early life he was known to be a modest , prayerful person , and was thought of as honest and pure by his classmates .	episode_done:True
text:springville is a city in linn county , iowa , united states .	labels:springville is a city of iowa in the united states .	episode_done:True
text:the rotational period of the interior of uranus is 17 hours , 14 minutes .	labels:it completes its turn around itself in 17 hours and 14 minutes .	episode_done:True
text:the series attempted to create a setting of a gritty , realistic police station similar to that of nypd blue , but differed by focusing on the uniformed police officers rather than the detectives .	labels:the series tried to create a setting of a gritty , realistic police station similar to that of nypd blue , but differed by focusing on the uniformed police officers rather than the detectives .	episode_done:True
text:meteorological history a cut-off extratropical cyclone over the central north pacific moved over an area of ocean with sea surface temperatures as high as 2 ° c above normal for two days .	labels:storm history a cut-off extratropical cyclone over the central north pacific moved into a place with sea surface temperatures as high as 2 ° c above normal for two days .	episode_done:True
text:victoria island -lrb- or kitlineq -rrb- is an island in the canadian arctic archipelago and straddles the boundary between nunavut and the northwest territories of canada .	labels:victoria island is an island in the canadian arctic archipelago and the border between nunavut and the northwest territories runs through the island .	episode_done:True
text:paul jackson was installed as a producer .	labels:paul jackson was put in as a producer .	episode_done:True
text:thyme retains its flavour on drying better than many other herbs .	labels:thyme keeps its flavour on drying better than many other herbs .	episode_done:True
text:like most brooms , it has apparently leafless stems that in spring and summer are covered in profuse golden-yellow flowers .	labels:like most brooms , it has apparently leafless stems that in spring and summer are covered with golden-yellow flowers .	episode_done:True
text:they discover a wardrobe in professor digory kirke 's house that leads to the magical land of narnia .	labels:they discover that the wardrobe in their grandfathers house leads to the magical land of narnia .	episode_done:True
text:if more energy is available , other elements will be ionized and green and blue nebulae become possible .	labels:if the nebula is very hot , other types of gas will be heated and the it might also glow blue and green .	episode_done:True
text:publications scope and preparation of the reports the ipcc reports are a compendium of peer reviewed and published science .	labels:publications preparation of the reports the ipcc reports are a collection of peer reviewed and published science .	episode_done:True
text:prevalence in the united states , according to business magazine , an estimated 15 million functionally illiterate adults held jobs at the beginning of the 21st century .	labels:how common it is business magazine estimates that 15 million functionally illiterate adults had a job in the united states at the start of the 21st century .	episode_done:True
text:it is most commonly used in cooking and pottery .	labels:it is used the most often in cooking and pottery .	episode_done:True
text:ólafur 's second marriage was to israeli-born dorrit moussaieff , to whom he became engaged in may 2000 .	labels:ólafur 's second marriage was to dorrit moussaieff to whom he had been engaged since may 2000 .	episode_done:True
text:kurt georg kiesinger -lrb- 6 april 1904 9 march 1988 -rrb- was a conservative german politician and chancellor of west germany from 1 december 1966 until 21 october 1969 .	labels:kurt georg kiesinger -lrb- * april 6th , 1904 in ebingen , now baden-württemberg ; † march 9th , 1988 in tübingen-bebenhausen -rrb- was a german politician .	episode_done:True
text:as a c-type , it is probably composed of carbonaceous materials .	labels:as a c-type , it is probably made of carbonate .	episode_done:True
text:in the tomb of the cybermen -lrb- 1967 -rrb- , veins and brains were visible through the domed head of the cyberman controller and similarly , in attack of the cybermen -lrb- 1985 -rrb- and " the age of steel " -lrb- 2006 -rrb- , the cyber-controller 's brain is visible through the dome .	labels:in the tomb of the cybermen -lrb- 1967 -rrb- , veins were visible through the circular head of the cyberman controller and in attack of the cybermen -lrb- 1985 -rrb- and " the age of steel " -lrb- 2006 -rrb- , the cyber-controller 's brain is visible through the dome .	episode_done:True
text:in the case of asteroids , so many have been discovered that many will never be named by their discoverers .	labels:with asteroids , so many have been found that many will never be named by the people who found them .	episode_done:True
text:the color has been speculated to be due to organic compounds on its surface .	labels:astronomers think the color is because of organic compounds on its surface .	episode_done:True
text:convection increased on august 11 , and by august 12 the interaction between a tropical wave and an upper-level low in the area resulted in a large area of disorganized thunderstorms extending from the western caribbean sea into the central bahamas .	labels:convection increased on august 11 , and by august 12 the contact between a tropical wave and an upper-level low in the area resulted in a large area of disorganized thunderstorms extending from the western caribbean sea into the central bahamas .	episode_done:True
text:source mage gnu / linux a source code-based distribution , descended from sorcerer .	labels:lunar linux a source code-based distribution descended from sorcerer gnu / linux .	episode_done:True
text:the term is generally applied to all of morocco , algeria , and tunisia , but in older arabic usage pertained only to the area of the three countries between the high ranges of the atlas mountains and the mediterranean sea .	labels:the term is generally applied to all of morocco , algeria , and tunisia , but in older arabic usage meant only the area of the three countries between the high ranges of the atlas mountains and the mediterranean sea .	episode_done:True
text:various objection were raised to this scheme , and the corporation refused to allow tram lines to be laid in the high street and above bar .	labels:lots of objections were raised to the idea and the corporation did not allow tram tracks to be put in the high street and above bar .	episode_done:True
text:given these assumptions it is possible to calculate how often they can fail and to arrange the array to make data loss arbitrarily improbable .	labels:it is possible to calculate how often a piece of equipment can fail and to arrange the array to make data loss very improbable .	episode_done:True
text:many students choose a faculty committee whose members represent their own interdisciplinary interests .	labels:many students choose a faculty committee whose members have the same interests as they do .	episode_done:True
text:the convent has been the official residence of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .	labels:the convent has been the home of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .	episode_done:True
text:it was directed by australian baz luhrmann and stars leonardo dicaprio and claire danes in the eponymous roles .	labels:it was directed by australian baz luhrmann and stars leonardo dicaprio and claire danes in the title roles .	episode_done:True
text:prometheus acts as a shepherd satellite for the inner edge of saturn 's f ring .	labels:the moon acts as a shepherd satellite for the inner part of saturn 's f ring .	episode_done:True
text:she has a three-octave vocal range accessed august 5 , 2008 and a distinctively rapid vibrato .	labels:she is a soprano with a three-octave vocal range and a distinctive throat vibrato .	episode_done:True
text:though he was raised in a devout lutheran household , bergman later stated that he lost his faith at age eight years , and only came to terms with this fact while making winter light .	labels:although he grew up in a devout lutheran household , bergman stated that he lost his faith at age eight but came to terms with this fact only when making winter light .	episode_done:True
text:some define the hadopelagic as waters below 6,000 m -lrb- 19,685 ft -rrb- , whether in a trench or not .	labels:some define the hadopelagic as waters below 6000 meters , whether in a trench or not .	episode_done:True
text:tyler attended the congressional school of virginia , breakwater school and waynflete school in portland , maine , before returning to new york city with her mother at the age of 12 .	labels:tyler went to the congressional school of virginia , breakwater elementary and wayneflete schools -lrb- in portland , maine -rrb- before returning to new york city with her mother at the age of twelve .	episode_done:True
text:before snow white , the disney studio had been primarily involved in the production of animated short subjects in the mickey mouse and silly symphonies series .	labels:before snow white , the disney studio had been mainly involved in the production of highly successful animated shorts in the mickey mouse and silly symphonies series .	episode_done:True
text:strength of the bond the atoms in metals have a strong attractive force between them .	labels:the electrons and the positive ions in the metal have a strong attractive force between them .	episode_done:True
text:history arch mineral corporation was founded in 1969 as a partnership between ashland oil -lrb- now ashland , inc . -rrb- and the hunt family of dallas , texas .	labels:history arch mineral corporation began in 1969 , as a partnership between ashland oil -lrb- now ashland , inc . -rrb- and the hunt family of dallas .	episode_done:True
text:the term dakshinachara -lrb- right-hand path -rrb- is used to refer to tantric sects that do not engage in these heterodox practices .	labels:the term dakshinachara -lrb- right-hand path -rrb- is used to refer to tantric sects that stay within these social norms .	episode_done:True
text:he was brought in as a guitarist following josh brainard 's departure and is the last member of the band 's current line-up to have joined .	labels:he was brought in to replace josh brainard on guitar and is the last member of the band 's current line-up to have joined .	episode_done:True
text:later that year , the band released their debut album , fresh fruit for rotting vegetables .	labels:that same year , the band released their first album , fresh fruit for rotting vegetables .	episode_done:True
text:however , in criminal cases in which the sentence is expected to exceed two years , the professional judge is assisted by two lay judges with equal rights as the professional judge -lrb- schöffengericht -rrb- .	labels:however , in criminal cases in which the sentence is expected to exceed two years , the professional judge is assisted by two part-time judges with equal rights as the professional judge -lrb- schöffengericht -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the novel received the 1961 pulitzer prize for fiction .	labels:the book received the 1961 pulitzer prize for fiction .	episode_done:True
text:within the hcard is a geo microformat , which additionally makes the coordinates -lrb- latitude & longitude -rrb- parsable , so that they can be , say , looked up on a map , or downloaded to a gps unit .	labels:the hcard includes information that also makes the coordinates -lrb- latitude & longitude -rrb- understandable , so that they can be , say , looked up on a map , or downloaded to a gps unit .	episode_done:True
text:the sahara pump theory is a hypothesis that explains how flora and fauna left africa to penetrate the middle east and then europe and asia .	labels:environment scientists use the saraha pump theory to explain how plants and animals that came from africa moved into the middle east and then europe and asia .	episode_done:True
text:description in a multiprocessor system executing a single set of instructions -lrb- simd -rrb- , data parallelism is achieved when each processor performs the same task on different pieces of distributed data .	labels:in a multiprocessor system where each one is executing a single set of instructions , data parallelism is achieved when each processor performs the same task on different pieces of distributed data .	episode_done:True
text:cameron bright as jimmy / leech : a mutant boy whose power neutralizes the powers of nearby mutants .	labels:cameron bright as jimmy / leech : a mutant boy whose power stops the powers of nearby mutants .	episode_done:True
text:the first application of this idea in the united states was pioneered by dr. william mosenthal , a surgeon at the dartmouth-hitchcock medical center .	labels:the first application of this idea in the us was pioneered by dr. william mosenthal , a surgeon at the dartmouth-hitchcock medical center .	episode_done:True
text:cruiserweight open for the wwe cruiserweight championship 10:28 7 goldberg defeated brock lesnar .	labels:the next match was a cruiserweight open for the wwe cruiserweight championship .	episode_done:True
text:a dogfight , or dog fight , is aerial combat between fighter aircraft .	labels:a dogfight is a close air fight between fighter airplanes .	episode_done:True
text:he was married to greek duchess sofia .	labels:he married the greek duchess sofia .	episode_done:True
text:saint-victoret is a commune in the bouches-du-rhône department in the provence-alpes-côte d ' azur region in southern france .	labels:it is found in the region provence-alpes-côte d ' azur in the bouches-du-rhône department in the south of france .	episode_done:True
text:his work driving forward the development of products that are both functional and elegant has earned him a devoted following .	labels:his work driving forward the development of exciting new products such as the ipod has earned him some fans .	episode_done:True
text:however , the term font is also often used as a metonym for typeface .	labels:the term font is now often used as another name for a typeface .	episode_done:True
text:ornamental plants are typically grown in the flower garden or as house plants .	labels:ornamental plants are usually grown in the flower garden , or as house plants .	episode_done:True
text:this belief most likely stemmed from the fact that it is possible to have the furby say certain pre-programmed words or phrases more often by petting it whenever it said these words .	labels:this belief most likely came from the fact that it is possible to have the furby say certain pre-programmed words or phrases more often by petting it whenever it said these words .	episode_done:True
text:to make space for more agricultural land , large areas of forest were cut down , taking away its habitat .	labels:to make space for more farms , large areas of forest were cut down , taking away its living space .	episode_done:True
text:this tree is a frequent destination for pilgrims , being the most important of the four main buddhist pilgrimage sites .	labels:this tree is a frequent place for pilgrims to visit , being the most important of the four holy sites for buddhists .	episode_done:True
text:ararat is considered the national symbol of armenia and thus is of principal importance to the coat of arms .	labels:ararat is considered the national symbol of armenia and so is of significant importance to the coat of arms .	episode_done:True
text:in his book " russia at war 1941 to 1945 " , alexander werth reported that while visiting gdansk / danzig in 1945 shortly after its liberation by the red army , he saw an experimental factory outside the city for making soap from human corpses .	labels:in his book " russia at war 1941 to 1945 " , alexander werth said that while visiting gdansk / danzig in 1945 shortly after its liberation by the red army , he saw an experimental factory outside the city for making soap from human bodies .	episode_done:True
text:in the fall of 2006 , cavergno and bignasco were incorporated into the municipality , despite an attempt by bignasco to resist the incorporation in the courts .	labels:in the fall of 2006 , the villages of cavergno and bignasco were put into the municipality , even though bignasco did n't want to do so .	episode_done:True
text:postal systems often have functions other than sending letters .	labels:postal systems often do things other than sending letters .	episode_done:True
text:she subsequently recorded " kanashiki kuchibue " , which was featured on a radio program and was a national hit .	labels:after that , she recorded " kanashiki kuchibue " , which was featured on a radio program and was a national hit .	episode_done:True
text:iso 3166-1 is part of the iso 3166 standard published by the international organization for standardization -lrb- iso -rrb- , and defines codes for the names of countries , dependent territories , and special areas of geographical interest .	labels:iso 3166-1 , is part of the iso 3166 standardit gives a code for the names of countries and dependent territories , and is published by the international organization for standardization -lrb- iso -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:this method can result in infection , and injury to internal organs -lrb- for example pulling out the intestines -rrb- , resulting in death .	labels:it may also hurt internal organs -lrb- for example pulling out the intestines -rrb- - resulting in the death of the woman treated .	episode_done:True
text:an even larger terminal to be sited nearby is also being promoted .	labels:an even larger terminal to be built nearby is also being planned .	episode_done:True
text:national symbols intend to unite people by creating visual , verbal , or iconic representations of the national people , values , goals , or history .	labels:national symbols try to unite people or send a message by representing the national people , values , goals , or history .	episode_done:True
text:the foundations of quantum mechanics were established during the first half of the twentieth century by werner heisenberg , max planck , louis de broglie , albert einstein , niels bohr , erwin schrödinger , max born , john von neumann , paul dirac , wolfgang pauli , david hilbert , and others .	labels:these are some of the people who discovered the basic parts of quantum mechanics : max planck , albert einstein , niels bohr , louis de broglie , werner heisenberg , erwin schrödinger , max born , john von neumann , paul dirac , wolfgang pauli , richard feynman .	episode_done:True
text:on august 15 , convection organized into bands , and as its winds approached hurricane strength , an eye developed within the storm .	labels:on august 15 , convection were made into bands , and as its winds were turning into hurricane strength , an eye developed within the storm .	episode_done:True
text:gramophone archive by age 15 , he had already given concerts worldwide .	labels:by the age of fifteen , he had already given concerts all over the world .	episode_done:True
text:after attaining tropical storm status , the maximum sustained winds fluctuated for three days between 40 mph -lrb- 65 km / h -rrb- and 50 mph -lrb- 85 km / h -rrb- .	labels:after reaching tropical storm status , the maximum sustained winds existed for three days between 40 mph -lrb- 65 km / h -rrb- and 50 mph -lrb- 85 km / h -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the common soft corals on the great barrier reef belong to 36 genera .	labels:the common soft corals on the great barrier reef belong to 36 different types .	episode_done:True
text:in the manga , blaine is a former team rocket scientist who had combined the dna of mew with his own dna , creating mewtwo .	labels:in the manga , blaine was a team rocket scientist who had combined the dna of mew with his own dna , creating mewtwo .	episode_done:True
text:they were responsible for ensuring that people had many children and that the land produced plentiful crops .	labels:they made sure that people had many children and that the land produced plenty of crops .	episode_done:True
text:as the storm began to rapidly intensify , the warning was further modified to a hurricane warning .	labels:when lorenzo began to rapidly strengthen , the warning was raised to a hurricane warning .	episode_done:True
text:introduction this unstaffed station on the qingzang railway opened for service on july 1 , 2006 .	labels:there are no staff at the station , which opened for service on july 1 , 2006 .	episode_done:True
text:it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home of santos football club .	labels:it is used mostly for football games and is the home of santos football club .	episode_done:True
text:contact between visiting seamen and prisoners was barred .	labels:there was no contact between visiting seamen and prisoners .	episode_done:True
text:occultations by hermione have been successfully observed three times so far , the last time in february , 2004 .	labels:occultations by hermione have been successfully seen three times so far , the last time in february , 2004 .	episode_done:True
text:the black core of pencils is still referred to as " lead " , even though it never contained the element lead .	labels:the black core of pencils is still called " lead " , even though it does not contain the element lead .	episode_done:True
text:this is a list of german presidents since 1919 by longevity .	labels:this is a list of german presidents since 1919 by age at death .	episode_done:True
text:a condiment is a relish , sauce , or seasoning added to food to impart a particular flavour or to complement the dish .	labels:a condiment is a prepared food that is put to other food , to make the food tastier or taste different .	episode_done:True
text:high gusts were reported throughout texas , with a maximum gust of reported on the coast guard cutter buttonwood -lrb- wlb-306 -rrb- stationed at the northeastern tip of galveston island .	labels:high gusts were also reported throughout texas with a maximum gust of 125 mph reported on the coast guard cutter buttonwood -lrb- wlb-306 -rrb- stationed at the northeastern part of galveston island .	episode_done:True
text:in geology , when an igneous intrusion cuts across a formation of sedimentary rock , it can be determined that the igneous intrusion is younger than the sedimentary rock .	labels:the age of a rock that cuts through other rocks- if an igneous rock cuts across sedimentary layers , it must be younger than the sedimentary rock .	episode_done:True
text:a few years later , in 1840 , general zorawar singh invaded baltistan , captured the raja of skardu , who had sided with the ladakhis , and annexed his country .	labels:a few years later , in 1840 , general zorawar singh invaded baltistan and captured the raja of skardu who had sided with the ladakhis , and took over his country .	episode_done:True
text:by that time the asymmetrical nose had been cut off and discarded , possibly for additional air flow to the radiator for the car 's use in and around the carnivals .	labels:by that time the special nose had been cut off and thrown away , possibly to help keep the engine cool as it was driven around the carnivals .	episode_done:True
text:this is probably one of the sources of sarasvati / benzaiten 's close association with snakes and dragons in japan .	labels:this is probably one of the sources of sarasvati / benzaiten 's close link with snakes and dragons in japan .	episode_done:True
text:tonnerre yaoundé are a football -lrb- soccer -rrb- club based in yaoundé , cameroon .	labels:tonnerre kalara club de yaoundé is a football club which plays in cameroon .	episode_done:True
text:the hainich has become the 13th national park of germany in 1997 .	labels:the hainich became the 13th national park of germany in 1997 .	episode_done:True
text:an oratorio is a large musical composition including an orchestra , a choir , and soloists .	labels:an oratorio is a piece of music for orchestra , choir and solo singers .	episode_done:True
text:some commentators notice a connection between the character michael k and the protagonist josef k. in the trial by franz kafka .	labels:some people think there is a link between michael k and josef k. in the trial by franz kafka .	episode_done:True
text:rated an f0 tornado , it touched down near brunswick , georgia were it snapped trees and caused moderate roof damage along its 2 mi -lrb- 3.2 km -rrb- path .	labels:in addition to the flooding , an f0 tornado was reported , which caused moderate roof damage and broke trees in brunswick , georgia .	episode_done:True
text:the term was coined by merging the name for the two orders , cetacea and artiodactyla , into a single word .	labels:the name was created by merging the name for the two orders , cetacea and artiodactyla , into a single word .	episode_done:True
text:in medieval england , the territories of lancashire and cornwall were made duchies , with certain powers accruing to their dukes .	labels:in medieval england , the territories of lancashire and cornwall were made duchies , with certain powers given to their dukes .	episode_done:True
text:it was not detected again until the hubble space telescope observed it in 1997 .	labels:it was not seen again until the hubble space telescope observed it in 1997 .	episode_done:True
text:stegosaurian teeth were small , triangular and flat wear facets show that they did grind their food .	labels:stegosaurian chewing teeth were small and triangular and did little grinding as they lacked wear surfaces .	episode_done:True
text:normally , a state delegation is headed by the respective minister-president .	labels:normally , a state delegation is headed by the head of government .	episode_done:True
text:etymology and usage lyric derives from the greek word lyrikos , meaning " singing to the lyre " .	labels:etymology and usage " lyric " is from the greek ; a lyric was originally a song sung with a lyre .	episode_done:True
text:proper saddle care can extend the useful life of a saddle , often for decades .	labels:proper saddle care can extend the useful life of a saddle , often for many years .	episode_done:True
text:castlevania iii : dracula 's curse is the third game in the series ' canon , featuring simon belmont 's ancestor , trevor belmont .	labels:it 's the third game released in the castlevania series , and stars trevor blemont , simon belmont 's ancestor .	episode_done:True
text:eleven departments and institutes focused on " stimulating global evangelism " with 25-40 staff , carry out the work .	labels:there are eleven areas of work focused on " stimulating global evangelism " with 25-40 staff , carrying out the work .	episode_done:True
text:usucha creates a lighter and slightly more bitter tea .	labels:usucha makes a lighter and slightly more bitter tea .	episode_done:True
text:etymology the first person who used the term " seidenstraße " -lrb- literally " silk road " -rrb- was the german geographer ferdinand von richthofen in 1877 .	labels:the first person who call it that was a german geographer -lrb- a person who studies the earth 's surface -rrb- in the year 1877 .	episode_done:True
text:traces of the amphitheatre can still be seen in the piazza dell ' anfiteatro .	labels:the romans built an amphitheatre that is still seen in the piazza dell ' anfiteatro .	episode_done:True
text:this was followed by the establishment of the grey league -lrb- grauer bund -rrb- , sometimes called oberbund , in 1395 in the upper rhine valley .	labels:this was followed by the making of the grey league , sometimes called oberbund , in 1395 in the upper rhine valley .	episode_done:True
text:august 22 hurricane bill weakens to a category 1 hurricane .	labels:on august 22 , bill weakened to a category 1 hurricane .	episode_done:True
text:though his father wanted him to continue his training as a goldsmith , he showed such a precocious talent in drawing that he started as an apprentice to michael wolgemut at the age of fifteen in 1486 .	labels:his father wanted him to continue his training as a goldsmith , but he was so good at drawing that he started as an apprentice to michael wolgemut at the age of fifteen in 1486 .	episode_done:True
text:earthsea is a fictional realm originally created by ursula k. le guin for her short story " the word of unbinding " , published in 1964 , that became more famous in her novel a wizard of earthsea , first published in 1968 .	labels:earthsea is a fictional place made by ursula k. le guin for her short story " the word of unbinding " in 1964 , but that became more famous in her book a wizard of earthsea , first written in 1968 .	episode_done:True
text:harry potter is a series of seven fantasy novels written by british author j. k. rowling .	labels:the harry potter books are a popular series of fantasy books by j. k. rowling .	episode_done:True
text:the vc was introduced on 29 january 1856 by queen victoria to reward acts of valour during the crimean war .	labels:the vc was begun on 29 january 1856 by queen victoria for acts of bravery during the crimean war .	episode_done:True
text:in 1828 , coenraad johannes van houten developed the first cocoa powder producing machine in the netherlands .	labels:in 1828 , coenraad johannes van houten made the first cocoa powder making machine in the netherlands .	episode_done:True
text:under adams , sinn féin appeared to move away from being a political voice of the provisional ira to becoming a professionally organised political party in both northern ireland and the republic of ireland .	labels:under adams , sinn féin moved away from being a political voice of the provisional ira to becoming a professionally organised political party in both northern ireland and the republic of ireland .	episode_done:True
text:overview it was contested by 12 teams , and sk admira wien won the championship .	labels:overview it was performed in 12 teams , and admira wien won the championship .	episode_done:True
text:lisa gerrard -lrb- born april 12 , 1961 -rrb- is an australian musician , singer and composer who rose to prominence as part of the music group dead can dance with former music partner brendan perry .	labels:lisa gerrard -lrb- born april 12 , 1961 -rrb- is an australian musician , singer and composer who rose to fame as part of the group dead can dance with former music partner brendan perry .	episode_done:True
text:by september 1 a cyclonic circulation with a diameter of 690 mile -lrb- 1115 km -rrb- was evident on satellite imagery , well to the southeast of the cape verde islands , and several hurricane forecast models anticipated development and strengthening .	labels:by september 1 a cyclonic circulation with a diameter of 690 mile -lrb- 1115 km -rrb- was seen on satellite imagery , well to the southeast of the cape verde islands , and several hurricane forecast models expected development and strengthening .	episode_done:True
text:it fared much better than the rocker , opening at # 2 .	labels:it earned much more than the rocker , opening at # 2 .	episode_done:True
text:the last mummy film grossed over $ 102 million in the usa and over $ 400 million worldwide .	labels:the last mummy film made over $ 100 million in the usa and over $ 400 million worldwide .	episode_done:True
text:it has a composition similar to 1 ceres : a darkly colored surface that is heavily space weathered with the composition of primitive organic compounds , including tholins .	labels:it is made up of stuff similar to 1 ceres : a darkly colored surface that is heavily space weathered and made up of primitive organic compounds , including tholins .	episode_done:True
text:of the seven candidates , he topped each of the four straw polls conducted by the united nations security council : on 24 july , 14 september , 28 september , and 2 october .	labels:he got the most votes in each of the four straw polls conducted by the un security council on july 24 , 14 september , september 28 and october 2 .	episode_done:True
text:approximately 1,100 mud volcanoes have been identified on land and in shallow water .	labels:around 1,100 mud volcanoes have been found on land and in shallow water .	episode_done:True
text:in particular , linux distributions debian and ubuntu have provided ready-to-use openclipart packages for easy download and install from their online software repositories .	labels:linux distributions debian and ubuntu also have ready-to-use openclipart packages for easy download and install from their online software repositories .	episode_done:True
text:some of the computer models suggested the weakening tropical storm could be absorbed by a developing low to the west , which a few days later became hurricane epsilon .	labels:some of the computer models showed that the weakening tropical storm could be absorbed by a developing low to the west , which a few days later became hurricane epsilon .	episode_done:True
text:she is an acclaimed interpreter of the works of mozart , beethoven , schubert , chopin , debussy and schoenberg .	labels:she is well-known for her playing of the works of mozart , beethoven , schubert , chopin , debussy and schoenberg .	episode_done:True
text:some are arboreal , with long balancing tails and other adaptations for climbing , while others are semiaquatic , with webbed feet and small external ears .	labels:some are good at climbing , with long balancing tails and other way to help them to climb , while others can swim , with webbed feet and small external ears .	episode_done:True
text:in the 1920s and early 1930s he frequently worked with the london symphony orchestra .	labels:in the 1920s and early 1930s he often worked with the london symphony orchestra .	episode_done:True
text:it overlies the north pole , touching north america in the western hemisphere and scandinavia and asia in the eastern hemisphere .	labels:it is on the north pole , touching north america in the western hemisphere and scandinavia and asia in the eastern hemisphere .	episode_done:True
text:gun dogs gun dogs are used primarily by small game hunters using shotguns .	labels:gun dogs are used by hunters using shotguns to hunt small animals .	episode_done:True
text:psychedelic music is a term that refers to a broad set of popular music styles , genres and scenes , that may include psychedelic rock , psychedelic folk , psychedelic pop , psychedelic soul , psychedelic ambient , psychedelic trance , and others .	labels:psychedelic music is a word talking about many different music styles and genres , such as psychedelic rock , psychedelic folk , psychedelic pop , psychedelic soul , psychedelic ambient , psychedelic trance , psychedelic techno , and others .	episode_done:True
text:cisc and risc the terms risc and cisc have become less meaningful with the continued evolution of both cisc and risc designs and implementations .	labels:the terms risc and cisc have become less meaningful with the continued improvements of both cisc and risc designs and implementations .	episode_done:True
text:in week 16 , quarterback matt leinart went down with a shoulder injury against the 49ers , forcing warner to see his first action since week 4 .	labels:in week 16 , leinart had a shoulder injury against the san francisco 49ers , so warner was able to play for the first time since week 4 .	episode_done:True
text:although she had previously spoken in fantasies and dream sequences , maggie 's first word spoken in the normal continuity of the series occurred in " lisa 's first word " , when she was voiced by elizabeth taylor .	labels:maggie 's first word spoken in the normal television show of the series happened in " lisa 's first word " , when she was voiced by elizabeth taylor and says " daddy " in an empty room .	episode_done:True
text:on september 17 , 2004 , whedon announced on the movie 's official website that shooting had been completed .	labels:on september 17 2004 , joss whedon said on the movie 's official site that shooting was done .	episode_done:True
text:uses tar was also used as seal for roofing shingles and to seal the hulls of ships and boats .	labels:it was also used as seal for roofing shingles and to seal the hulls of ships and boats .	episode_done:True
text:the staff has since expanded to more than thirty people and two continents with an office in lahore , pakistan .	labels:aboutus is in two different continents now , and they have an office in the city of lahore , pakistan .	episode_done:True
text:david william donald cameron -lrb- born 9 october 1966 -rrb- is the leader of the conservative party and leader of her majesty 's loyal opposition in the united kingdom .	labels:david william donald cameron -lrb- born 9 october , 1966 -rrb- is the leader of the conservative party and also leader of the opposition in the united kingdom .	episode_done:True
text:when no one showed any interest , cave took on the task by himself .	labels:when no one showed any interest , cave took on the job by himself .	episode_done:True
text:it is the largest known non-spherical moon in the solar system .	labels:proteus is one of the darkest objects in the solar system .	episode_done:True
text:benjamin jeremy " ben " stein -lrb- born november 25 , 1944 -rrb- is an american actor , writer , and commentator on political and economic issues .	labels:ben stein -lrb- november 25 , 1944 -rrb- is an american attorney , political consultant , writer , actor , comedian , and tv personality .	episode_done:True
text:some of the technologies have been adapted to social networking services and isps .	labels:it has also adapted its technology to social networking services and isps .	episode_done:True
text:he has also recorded five albums as a solo artist , debuting with leading off in 1994 .	labels:he has made six albums as a solo artist and with his band , punch brothers .	episode_done:True
text:in augustan rome , quirinus was also an epithet of janus , as janus quirinus .	labels:in augustan rome , quirinus was also a name of janus , as janus quirinus .	episode_done:True
text:do not excuse what you did with what others did .	labels:do not excuse your actions with that of others .	episode_done:True
text:the pkcs # 1 standard also incorporates processing schemes designed to provide additional security for rsa signatures , e.g. , the probabilistic signature scheme for rsa -lrb- rsa-pss -rrb- .	labels:the pkcs standard also has processing schemes designed to provide additional security for rsa signatures , e.g. , the probabilistic signature scheme for rsa -lrb- rsa-pss -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:since poland 's accession to the european union , a significant number of poles have emigrated to western european countries such as the united kingdom , germany and ireland in search of work .	labels:since poland 's accession to the european union , a large number of polish people have moved to work in western european countries like the united kingdom and ireland .	episode_done:True
text:the surname christian is an anglicization of the manx name mccrystyn .	labels:the name christian is an english way of saying the manx name " mccrystyn " .	episode_done:True
text:this took the republic by surprise , especially because the spd was below 25 % in polls at the time .	labels:this took everyone by surprise , especially because the spd was below 25 % in polls at the time .	episode_done:True
text:it accelerated northeast parallel to the east coast and became extratropical on july 23 near nova scotia .	labels:it moved to the northeast next to the u.s. east coast and died out on july 23 near nova scotia .	episode_done:True
text:he is called saint james the greater to distinguish him from james , son of alphaeus , who is also known as james the less .	labels:he is called saint james the greater to distinguish -lrb- mark as different -rrb- him from the other apostle named james -lrb- james , son of alphaeus -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:he skated his last with the show in 2007 .	labels:orser retired from show skating in 2007 .	episode_done:True
text:in mathematics , a riemann sum is a method for approximating the total area underneath a curve on a graph , otherwise known as an integral .	labels:in mathematics , a riemann sum is a sum that makes an approximation of the total area underneath a curve on a graph .	episode_done:True
text:bonham carter made her film debut in the k. m. peyton film , a pattern of roses , before appearing in her first leading role in lady jane .	labels:carter made her first appearance on screen in the k. m. peyton film , a pattern of roses , before appearing in her first starring role in lady jane .	episode_done:True
text:drammen is also the main harbor for car and fruit import in norway .	labels:drammen is also the main city for car and fruit import in norway .	episode_done:True
text:the administrators of the northern territory and norfolk island are , by contrast , appointed by the governor-general .	labels:the administrators of the northern territory and of norfolk island are chosen by the governor-general .	episode_done:True
text:freetown is home to fourah bay college , the oldest university in west africa , founded in 1827 .	labels:the city is the home of fourah bay college and the njala university college .	episode_done:True
text:sportswear -lrb- or active attire -rrb- is clothing , including footwear , worn for sport or exercise .	labels:sportswear is clothing , including footwear , worn for playing sports or to exercise .	episode_done:True
text:furthermore it is the episcopal see of the diocese of växjö .	labels:furthermore it is the seat of the diocese of växjö .	episode_done:True
text:background des uses a 56-bit key , meaning that there are 256 possible keys under which a message can be encrypted .	labels:the des uses a 56-bit key , meaning that there are 256 possible keys under which a message can be encrypted .	episode_done:True
text:honduras -lrb- , -rrb- is a republic in central america .	labels:honduras is a country in central america .	episode_done:True
text:two tubes of amphetamines and a further empty tube were found in the rear pocket of his racing jersey .	labels:two tubes of amphetamines and more empty tube were found in the rear pocket of his racing jersey .	episode_done:True
text:the arkansas river is a major tributary of the mississippi river .	labels:it flows southeast and is a tributary of the mississippi river .	episode_done:True
text:metarterioles provide direct communication between arterioles and venules and are important in bypassing the bloodflow through the capillaries .	labels:special arteries connect between arterioles and venules and are important in bypassing the flow of blood through the capillaries .	episode_done:True
text:eventually , this also expanded the realm of " just say no " to violence , premarital sex , and any other " vices " that young people might try .	labels:eventually , this also expanded the realm of " just say no " to violence , sex , and any other naughty things that young people might try .	episode_done:True
text:annaser benghazi is a libyan football club based in benghazi , libya .	labels:al-nasr benghazi is a football club which plays in libya .	episode_done:True
text:year-round school is the scheduling of educational institutions so that students take class throughout the entire calendar year .	labels:year-round school is the scheduling of school so that students take class through the whole calendar year .	episode_done:True
text:it is the established convention of the scientific community to define the vitreous electrification as positive , and the resinous electrification as negative .	labels:it is the established practice of men of science to call the vitreous electrification positive , and the resinous electrification negative .	episode_done:True
text:power transmission is the movement of energy from its place of generation to a location where it is applied to performing useful work .	labels:power transmission is the movement of energy from its place of generation to a place where it can be used for work .	episode_done:True
text:before the 2002 election fc bayern general manager uli hoeneß expressed his support for stoiber and the csu .	labels:before the 2002 election fc bayern 's manager uli hoeneß said he supported stoiber and the csu .	episode_done:True
text:males can weigh more than 20 kg and attain a head-body length of 90 cm .	labels:males can weigh more than 20 kg and have a head-body length of 90 cm .	episode_done:True
text:a.i. artificial intelligence one kubrick project was eventually completed by another director , steven spielberg .	labels:in the year 2001 , the american film director steven spielberg filmed a.i. : artificial intelligence .	episode_done:True
text:between rounds there is a one minute pause , during which competitors change their gear .	labels:between rounds there is a one minute pause , during which the players change their gear .	episode_done:True
text:this work was accomplished through the efforts of martin evans and oliver smithies working on the knockout mice .	labels:this work was finished with the efforts of martin evans and oliver smithies working on the knockout mice .	episode_done:True
text:with little warning , a second earthquake of magnitude 5.1 may 18 triggered a massive collapse of the north face of the mountain .	labels:on may 18 , a second earthquake of magnitude 5.1 made a huge part of the north face of the volcano collapse .	episode_done:True
text:it is a commonly stolen street sign .	labels:this street sign is often stolen .	episode_done:True
text:the association pour la taxation des transactions financières pour l ' aide aux citoyens -lrb- association for the taxation of financial transactions for the aid of citizens , attac -rrb- is an activist organization for the establishment of a tax on foreign exchange transactions .	labels:the association pour la taxation des transactions pour l ' aide aux citoyens -lrb- association for the taxation of financial transactions for the aid of citizens , attac -rrb- is an organization that promotes a tax on foreign exchange transactions , the so-called tobin tax .	episode_done:True
text:cash is another commodity that may be packaged together with contracts and / or draft picks to complete a trade .	labels:cash is another thing that may be added with contracts and / or draft picks to make a trade .	episode_done:True
text:they are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology , molecular biology , and genetic engineering to indicate the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign dna into a cell .	labels:they are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology , molecular biology , and genetic engineering to show the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign dna into a cell .	episode_done:True
text:sthenurine forelimbs were long with two extra-long fingers and claws compared with the relatively small , stiff arms of modern macropods .	labels:sthenurine front legs were long , with two long fingers and claws , compared with the small , stiff arms of modern kangaroos .	episode_done:True
text:this resulted in a vest with vertical stripes of white and navy-blue color .	labels:the first vest used by the team had vertical white and light blue stripes .	episode_done:True
text:later wales withdrew his support and asked for essjay 's resignation from his positions with wikipedia and wikia .	labels:later wales changed his opinion and asked for essjay to quit from his jobs with wikipedia and wikia .	episode_done:True
text:the odyssey is an ancient greek epic poem attributed to homer .	labels:the odyssey is an ancient greek epic poem by homer .	episode_done:True
text:in early 2003 , she released her fourth album titled , " to be continued ... " which was also met with commercial success .	labels:in early 2003 , she released the album to be continued … which like her previous releases , was a success .	episode_done:True
text:on 28 march 1941 , woolf committed suicide .	labels:virginia woolf died on march 28 , 1941 .	episode_done:True
text:eureka is a city in woodford county , illinois , united states .	labels:eureka is a small city of illinois in the united states .	episode_done:True
text:the school icon is an eagle symbolizing courage and determination .	labels:the school icon is an eagle , which means courage and determination .	episode_done:True
text:emmen is a municipality and a town in the northeastern netherlands .	labels:emmen is a town in the northeast of the netherlands .	episode_done:True
text:borken is a kreis -lrb- district -rrb- in the northwestern part of north rhine-westphalia , germany in the region münsterland .	labels:borken is a landkreis -lrb- rural district , or county -rrb- in the northwestern part of north rhine-westphalia , germany .	episode_done:True
text:one foam-rubber process has been coined as foamation by will vinton .	labels:one foam-rubber method has been called foamation by will vinton .	episode_done:True
text:south india is the area encompassing india 's states of andhra pradesh , karnataka , kerala and tamil nadu as well as the union territories of lakshadweep and pondicherry , occupying 19.31 % of area .	labels:south india consists of the four southern indian states of andhra pradesh , karnataka , kerala and tamil nadu as well as the union territories of pondicherry and the lakshadweep archipelago .	episode_done:True
text:it is found only on christmas island , australia .	labels:it lives only on christmas island , australia .	episode_done:True
text:they are most often cyclonic , that is , associated with a localized low-pressure region within a severe thunderstorm .	labels:they are most often cyclonic , that is , related with a localized low pressure area inside a severe thunderstorm .	episode_done:True
text:nordraak died in 1866 , and grieg composed a funeral march in his honor .	labels:when nordraak died , grieg composed a funeral march in his honour .	episode_done:True
text:another of groundwater 's short stories has been adapted into a live theater performance .	labels:another of groundwater 's short stories has been made into a live play .	episode_done:True
text:before 1,000 hours was released , the band dropped the name sweet children , according to livermore this was done in order to avoid confusion with another local band sweet baby .	labels:after 1,000 hours was released , the band changed their band name , sweet children , to green day , because there already was another band named sweet baby , that had a similar name .	episode_done:True
text:writing after universal studios acquired the movie rights to firefly from fox , whedon began writing the screenplay .	labels:after universal studios got the movie rights to firefly from fox , whedon began writing the screenplay .	episode_done:True
text:before the dominance of recorded music , concerts would be the only opportunity one would generally have to hear musicians play .	labels:before the days of recording a concert would have been the only opportunity most people would have of hearing concerts given by groups .	episode_done:True
text:in remembrance of the old tradition , the axel springer press company erected its german headquarters at kochstraße again , right next to the berlin wall .	labels:to remember old tradition , the axel springer press company built its new headquarters at kochstraße again , right next to the berlin wall .	episode_done:True
text:this arises when a pawn uses its initial-move option to advance two squares instead of one , and in so doing passes over a square that is attacked by an enemy pawn .	labels:this happens when a pawn uses its first-move option to go forward two squares instead of one and passes over a square that is attacked by an enemy pawn .	episode_done:True
text:it was occupied by the romans with the rest of the surrounding area in the first century bce .	labels:it housed the romans with the rest of the surrounding area in the first century bce .	episode_done:True
text:these events were dramatized in the 1977 movie a bridge too far .	labels:the movie a bridge too far is about this battle .	episode_done:True
text:the bridge is administered by the thousand islands bridge authority , an international agency .	labels:the bridge is governed by the thousand island bridge authority , an agency that works around the world .	episode_done:True
text:despite these unfavorable conditions , a curved convective band developed in its northern and western quadrants , and the circulation became better defined .	labels:in spite of these unfavorable conditions , a curved convective band formed in its northern and western sections , and the circulation became better organized .	episode_done:True
text:in the a mathematics , a product is the result of multiplying , or an expression that identifies factors to be multiplied .	labels:in mathematics , a product is a number or a quantity obtained by multiplying two or more numbers together .	episode_done:True
text:fiorito originally produced foot fetish videos but soon moved on to coprophagia .	labels:fiorito first produced foot fetish videos but soon moved on to coprophagia .	episode_done:True
text:in march 2005 , pavarotti underwent neck surgery to repair two vertebrae .	labels:in march 2005 , pavarotti had an operation to his neck .	episode_done:True
text:such storms can feature strong surface winds and severe hail .	labels:such storms can create strong surface winds and a lot of hail .	episode_done:True
text:it is not known how much , if any , of this story is true , but historians do know that china was the first civilization to use silk .	labels:it is not known how much , if any , of this story is true , but historians do know that silk was first made in china .	episode_done:True
text:the encryption key is trivially related to the decryption key , in that they may be identical or there is a simple transform to go between the two keys .	labels:the encryption key is simply related to the decryption key , in that they may be identical or there is a simple relation between the two keys .	episode_done:True
text:the volcano culminates at 1,060 metres , and its crater measures roughly 300 metres in diameter .	labels:it is 1,060 metres tall , and its crater measures roughly 300 metres in diameter .	episode_done:True
text:traditionally , the leader of the national party serves as deputy prime minister when the coalition is in government .	labels:when the national party is in a coalition government its leader is usually the deputy prime minister .	episode_done:True
text:news reports indicate that the poorer , rural villages were hardest hit .	labels:news reports showed that the poorer , rural villages were hardest hit .	episode_done:True
text:under president and ceo reynolds , the park operated until april 13 , 2003 , when it closed after a prolonged tourism decline following the september 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .	labels:under president and ceo reynolds , the park ran until april 13 , 2003 , when it closed after a long tourism decline following the september 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .	episode_done:True
text:the mountain range forms the border between both countries for 150 kilometers , extending from the western border of saxony to the elbe river .	labels:they form the border between both countries for 150 km , extending from the western border of saxony to the elbe river .	episode_done:True
text:the year 1976 saw punk arrive on what some people perceived to be a stagnant music scene and nme , like other " specialist " publications , was slow to cover this new phenomenon .	labels:the year 1976 saw punk rock arrive on the music scene and nme , like other " specialist " publications , was slow in reporting and covering this new music phenomenon .	episode_done:True
text:very few consumers of bi-porn identify as gay .	labels:very few customers of bi-porn say they are gay .	episode_done:True
text:local existence not all bundesländer have this subdivision ; some are directly divided into districts .	labels:not all bundesländer have this sub-division ; some are directly divided into districts .	episode_done:True
text:as norma dissipated , moisture from the cyclone was entrapped in a large extratropical low .	labels:as norma dissipated , moisture from the cyclone was captured in a large extratropical low .	episode_done:True
text:the most common symptoms of mi in women include dyspnea , weakness , and fatigue .	labels:the most common symptoms include shortness of breath , weakness , and feeling tired .	episode_done:True
text:the taiwan strait or formosa strait is a 180-km-wide -lrb- 111.85-mile-wide -rrb- strait between mainland china and taiwan .	labels:the taiwan strait or formosa strait is a 180km-wide strait between mainland china and the island of taiwan .	episode_done:True
text:redwall is a series of fantasy novels by brian jacques .	labels:redwall is a series of books written by brian jacques .	episode_done:True
text:captive longevity is 20 to 30 years , with rare accounts of over 40 years , reports of a individual living to 40 years in philadelphia zoo .	labels:captive longevity is 20 to 30 years , with rare accounts of over 40 years , making them a long-term commitment as a pet .	episode_done:True
text:mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros .	labels:mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is often served with a variety of mexican breads or pastries called pan dulce and churros .	episode_done:True
text:plessur is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .	labels:plessur is a district of the canton of graubünden , switzerland .	episode_done:True
text:in the historiography of japan , the edo period from 1590 to 1868 is also sometimes referred to as the early modern period .	labels:however , in japan , the edo period from 1590 to 1868 is also sometimes referred to as the early modern period .	episode_done:True
text:among his published works were peace , a lyric poem -lrb- 1814 -rrb- ; resignation -lrb- 1817 -rrb- ; the triumph of christianity -lrb- 1819 -rrb- ; and the soldier 's friend -lrb- 1828 -rrb- .	labels:he wrote many books like peace , a lyric poem -lrb- 1814 -rrb- ; resignation -lrb- 1817 -rrb- ; the triumph of christianity -lrb- 1819 -rrb- ; and the soldier 's friend -lrb- 1828 -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:however , this list contains substances which may have synthetic origins .	labels:this list also contains substances which may have synthetic origins .	episode_done:True
text:several marsupial herbivores , notably koalas and some possums , are relatively tolerant of it .	labels:several marsupials , such as koalas and some possums , are partly resistant to it .	episode_done:True
text:for a person to be inducted to the hockey hall of fame , they must be nominated by an elected 18-person selection committee which consists of hockey hall of fame members and media personalities .	labels:for a person to be added to the hockey hall of fame as a player , they must have been retired for a minimum of three years and must be nominated by an elected 18-person selection committee .	episode_done:True
text:shadow of the hegemon -lrb- 2001 -rrb- is the second novel in the ender 's shadow series -lrb- often called the bean quartet -rrb- by orson scott card .	labels:shadow of the hegemon -lrb- 2001 -rrb- is the second book in the ender 's shadow series -lrb- also called the bean quartet -rrb- by orson scott card .	episode_done:True
text:according to the study , if all this software had been developed by conventional proprietary means , it would have cost about $ -lrb- us dollars -rrb- to develop in the united states .	labels:according to the study , if all this software had been developed by proprietary means , it would have cost about 1.08 billion dollars -lrb- year 2000 u.s. dollars -rrb- to develop in the united states .	episode_done:True
text:in june 2008 , it was announced that a further four-year deal would commence for the 2010/11 season , with the deal worth £ 125m .	labels:in june 2008 , it was announced that a further four-year deal would start for the 2010 – 11 season , with the deal worth £ 125 million .	episode_done:True
text:history the first mention of the town dates from 1178 .	labels:history the first mention of the town is from 1178 .	episode_done:True
text:fire salamanders can have a very long lifespan .	labels:fire salamanders can have a very long life .	episode_done:True
text:the city has a larger population than the provincial capital , and ranks second in land area .	labels:the city has a larger population than the capital and is second largest in land area .	episode_done:True
text:these cone photoreceptors are sensitive to different portions of the visible spectrum .	labels:these cones are sensitive to different portions of the visible spectrum .	episode_done:True
text:due to its appearance at burial sites across the globe , the spiral most likely represented the " life-death-rebirth " cycle .	labels:because it appears at burial sites across the globe , the spiral most likely represented the " life-death-rebirth " cycle .	episode_done:True
text:the fert group first saw the large effect in multilayers that led to its naming , and first correctly explained the underlying physics .	labels:the fert group were first to see a large effect giving the name " giant " , and first to explain the correct physics of gmr .	episode_done:True
text:the album was fueled by the single " fat lip " , which reached the top position on the billboard modern rock chart , making it the band 's most successful single .	labels:their most successful album to date is all killer no filler , the album had the single " fat lip " , which did very well , making it the band 's most successful single .	episode_done:True
text:his baptism followed on may 3 in the river lark , at isleham .	labels:on may 3 , 1850 , he was baptised in the river lark , at isleham .	episode_done:True
text:a night shift is either a group of workers who work during the night , or the period in which they work .	labels:a night shift is either a group of workers who work during the night , or the time that they work .	episode_done:True
text:history vaihingen may date back as far as 799 a.d. , but the documents are not clear .	labels:history vaihingen is an old city , going back as far as the year 799 a.d ..	episode_done:True
text:it is not clear whether it is only a transient clump of dust , or if there is a solid moonlet at its core .	labels:it is not clear whether it is only a clump of dust , or if there is a solid small moon at its core .	episode_done:True
text:it was released on january 21 , 2003 and garnered dvdx awards for best animated feature , best director , best editing , and best musical score .	labels:it was released on january 21 , 2003 and won dvdx awards for best animated feature , best director , best editing , and best musical score .	episode_done:True
text:the strengthening trend abated early on july 8 , due to wind shear , and bertha rapidly weakened back to a category 1 hurricane that afternoon .	labels:the strengthening trend stopped early on july 8 , due to wind shear , and bertha quickly weakened back to a category 1 hurricane that afternoon .	episode_done:True
text:in 911 , french king charles the simple was able to make an agreement with the viking warleader rollo , a chieftain of disputed norwegian or danish origins .	labels:in 911 , french king charles the simple made an agreement with the viking warleader rollo , a chieftain of either norwegian or danish origin .	episode_done:True
text:command module pilot stuart roosa took several hundred seeds on the mission , many of which were germinated on return resulting in the so called moon trees .	labels:command module pilot stuart roosa took several hundred seeds on the mission , many of which were planted on return , resulting in the so called moon trees .	episode_done:True
text:meanwhile , big mama explains to tod that his friendship with copper can not continue , as they are natural enemies , but tod refuses to believe her .	labels:meanwhile , big mama tells tod that his friendship with copper can not continue , as they are natural enemies , but tod does not want to believe her .	episode_done:True
text:it can also be used pejoratively , to refer to a common street beggar who chants holy names , scriptures or verses .	labels:it can also be used to for a common street beggar who chants holy names , scriptures or verses .	episode_done:True
text:the saugor and nerbudda territories were attached to the north-western provinces , which included the british dominions in the southern portion of present-day uttar pradesh state .	labels:the saugor and nerbudda territories were attached to the north-western provinces , which included the british dominions in the southern part of present-day uttar pradesh state .	episode_done:True
text:he was nominated a cardinal priest , of the title of santa maria nuova , on 18 february 1946 .	labels:he was created a cardinal priest , of the title of s. maria nuova , on 18 february 1946 .	episode_done:True
text:holly springs is a town in wake county , north carolina , united states .	labels:holly springs is a small town in north carolina , united states .	episode_done:True
text:after initially being posted to the 1st battalion , in march , 1916 he was transferred to the 53rd battalion , which was part of the 5th division , when the australian imperial force was reinforced with fresh recruits from australia .	labels:after being posted to the 1st battalion at first , in march , 1916 he was moved to the 53rd battalion , which was part of the 5th division , when the australian imperial force was helped by new soldiers from australia .	episode_done:True
text:while not lethal , consuming this mushroom leads to very severe cramps , vomiting , and diarrhea .	labels:while eating this mushroom will not kill you , it may cause cramps , vomiting , and diarrhea .	episode_done:True
text:electra welcomes the idea of going to argos with idamante .	labels:electra is happy about going to argos with idamante .	episode_done:True
text:cale 's story : the adventures of cale , ending with the beginning of the film .	labels:cale 's story told about cale , ending with the beginning of the movie .	episode_done:True
text:the nhl instituted the icing rule on march 13 , 1939 .	labels:the nhl created the icing rule on march 13 , 1939 .	episode_done:True
text:italians know it for hosting a maximum-security prison -lrb- 1858-1998 -rrb- holding especially dangerous mafia criminals .	labels:it is known in italy for a maximum-security prison , where especially dangerous mafia criminals are held .	episode_done:True
text:in 1845 it joined the united states as the 28th state .	labels:in 1845 it became the 28th state in the union .	episode_done:True
text:in other media aquaman has appeared in multiple cartoon series , as well as a live action version appearing in the tv series smallville .	labels:aquaman has appeared in several cartoon series , such as the super friends , and also in the live action tv series smallville , with superman .	episode_done:True
text:mark schatz has played bass regularly with the group since 2003 .	labels:mark schatz has played bass with nickel creek since 2003 .	episode_done:True
text:law of independent assortment -lrb- the " second law " -rrb- the law of independent assortment , also known as " inheritance law " , states that alleles of different genes assort independently of one another during gamete formation .	labels:law of independent assortment the law of independent assortment , also known as " inheritance law " or mendel 's second law , states that the inheritance pattern of one trait will not affect the inheritance pattern of another .	episode_done:True
text:he commanded the 25th punjabis in india and hong kong and was promoted to lieutenant-colonel in 1910 .	labels:he was in charge of the 25th punjabis in india and hong kong and was promoted to lieutenant-colonel in 1910 .	episode_done:True
text:in addition , the station provides live coverage of the non-final rounds of the other grand slam tournaments .	labels:the station also provides live coverage of the non-final rounds of the other grand slam tournaments .	episode_done:True
text:while collaborating with mylène farmer and laurent boutonnat , alizée released two albums — both of which were hits inside and outside of france .	labels:while working with mylène farmer and laurent boutonnat , alizée came up with two albums — both of which were hits inside and outside of france .	episode_done:True
text:the account of ninigi no mikoto being sent to earth appears in the nihon shoki .	labels:the tale of ninigi no mikoto being sent to earth is told in the nihon shoki .	episode_done:True
text:medieval philosophy in medieval europe , dialectics -lrb- also called logic -rrb- was one of the three original liberal arts collectively known as the trivium -lrb- the others were rhetoric and grammar -rrb- .	labels:in medieval europe , dialectics -lrb- or logic -rrb- was one of the three beginning liberal arts all together known as the trivium , with the other members being rhetorics and grammar -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:the possibility remained that liquid ethane and methane might be found on titan 's poles , where it was expected to be abundant and stable .	labels:scientists still believed that liquid ethane and methane would be found near titan 's poles , where they expected to find lots of liquid .	episode_done:True
text:these eid prayers are supposed to be offered in large groups , and so larger mosques will normally host them for their congregants as well as the congregants of smaller local mosques .	labels:these eid prayers are supposed to be offered in large groups , and so larger mosques will normally hold them for their own communities as well as the people from smaller local mosques .	episode_done:True
text:after the release of a promotional single , glory to the brave was released throughout europe .	labels:after the release of a promotional single , glory to the brave was released in europe .	episode_done:True
text:asia the last western satrap , rudrasimha iii , is defeated by the guptas .	labels:the last western satrap , rudrasimha iii , is beaten by the guptas .	episode_done:True
text:robert leroy johnson -lrb- may 8 , 1911 – august 16 , 1938 -rrb- was an american blues musician , among the most famous of delta blues musicians .	labels:robert johnson , born robert leroy johnson -lrb- may 8 , 1911 – august 16 , 1938 -rrb- is one of the most famous delta blues musicians .	episode_done:True
text:this cemented public support for the gang especially in northeast victoria .	labels:this increased public support for the gang , especially in north east victoria .	episode_done:True
text:hurricane lane was the strongest pacific hurricane to make landfall in mexico since hurricane kenna of 2002 .	labels:hurricane lane was the strongest pacific hurricane that made landfall in mexico since hurricane kenna .	episode_done:True
text:as a result of selene being conflated with artemis , later writers sometimes referred to selene as a daughter of zeus , like artemis , or of pallas the titan .	labels:as a result of selene becoming one with artemis , later writers sometimes said selene was a daughter of zeus , like artemis , or of pallas the titan .	episode_done:True
text:spurgeon -lrb- 1911 -rrb- , p . 565 " it is called a " book " , as it is usually represented with pages , although it can be shown on a single page or banner .	labels:it is called a " book " , as it is usually has pages , but it can also be shown on a single page or banner .	episode_done:True
text:as of 2007 , a maximum of four players can be inducted in one year but the greatest number of players ever inducted in a year was 27 , in 1962 .	labels:as of 2007 , a maximum of four players can be added in one year but the greatest number of players ever added in a year was 27 , in 1962 .	episode_done:True
text:colin powell , a long time advocate , has recommended a simple moment of silence at the start of each school day .	labels:he has said that a simple moment of silence at the start of each school day is a good idea .	episode_done:True
text:a small amount of matcha is placed into the bowl , traditionally using a bamboo scoop called a chashaku , then a modicum of hot -lrb- not boiling -rrb- water is added .	labels:a small amount of matcha is placed into the bowl , traditionally using a bamboo scoop called a chashaku , and a small amount of hot -lrb- not boiling -rrb- water is added .	episode_done:True
text:as the last album of the scandinavian vocal music series , pohjola produced a tribute to the finnish legendary tango composer , toivo kärki on the album , leivonen lumimyrskyssä -lrb- a lark in a snowstorm -rrb- -lrb- 2006 -rrb- .	labels:he also recorded scandinavian christmas music on scandinavian yuletide voices -lrb- 2005 -rrb- , and a tribute to the finnish legendary tango composer , toivo kärki on the album , leivonen lumimyrskyssä -lrb- a lark in a snowstorm -rrb- -lrb- 2006 -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:pedro involves the title character , a small airplane from chile , engaging in his very first flight to pick up air mail from mendoza , with near disastrous results .	labels:pedro involves the title character , a small airplane from chile , in his very first flight to pick up air mail from mendoza , with almost disastrous results .	episode_done:True
text:hurricane epsilon was only the sixth ever atlantic hurricane recorded in december .	labels:hurricane epsilon was only the 6th ever atlantic hurricane in december .	episode_done:True
text:2016 -lrb- mmxvi -rrb- will be a leap year starting on friday of the gregorian calendar .	labels:2016 -lrb- mmxvi -rrb- will be a leap year in the 21st century starting on friday .	episode_done:True
text:during and after the thirty years ' war , soest suffered a tremendous loss of both population and influence ; at the lowest point in 1756 it had only 3,600 citizens .	labels:during and after the thirty years ' war , soest lossed a lot of people and influence ; at the lowest point in 1756 it had only 3,600 citizens .	episode_done:True
text:to sponsor something is to support an event , activity , person , or organization financially or through the provision of products or services .	labels:to sponsor something is to support an event , activity , person , or organization with money or giving something else useful .	episode_done:True
text:during the early 1960s , love first crossed paths with jim henson through don sahlin , who urged him to meet with henson .	labels:in the 1960s , don sahlin told love to meet with jim henson , which was where love and henson first met .	episode_done:True
text:he attended the general theological seminary and earned his ba in theology and ma from oriel college , oxford university -lrb- 1962 , 1966 -rrb- .	labels:he attended the general theological seminary and earned his b.a. and m.a , in theology from oriel college , oxford university -lrb- 1962 , 1966 -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:however , the council was delayed until 1545 , and convened right before luther 's death .	labels:but the council could not meet until 1545 , and met right before luther 's death .	episode_done:True
text:the international union for conservation of nature and natural resources -lrb- iucn -rrb- is an international organization dedicated to natural resource conservation .	labels:the international union for conservation of nature and natural resources -lrb- iucn -rrb- is an international organization set up to protect plants , animals and habitats .	episode_done:True
text:when animals or people freerun , experiments can be done to see what sort of signals , known as zeitgeber , are effective in entrainment .	labels:scientists let the animals freerun and then do experiments to see what sort of signals are most effective at entraining them .	episode_done:True
text:psyche appears to be a genuine case of an exposed metallic core from a larger differentiated parent body .	labels:psyche appears to be a case of an exposed metallic core from a bigger differentiated parent body .	episode_done:True
text:chess boxing fights have been organized since early 2003 .	labels:chess boxing fights have been done since early 2003 .	episode_done:True
text:the big mac ppp exchange rate between two countries is obtained by dividing the price of a big mac in one country -lrb- in its currency -rrb- by the price of a big mac in another country -lrb- in its currency -rrb- .	labels:the exchange rate between two countries can be compared by dividing the price of a big mac in one country -lrb- in its currency -rrb- by the price of a big mac in another country -lrb- in its currency -rrb- .	episode_done:True
text:it is one of the most historic motor racing circuits in the world .	labels:it is one of the oldest motor racing tracks in the world .	episode_done:True
text:lisa donovan -lrb- born june 11 , 1981 -rrb- is an american actress and writer .	labels:lisa donovan is a famous youtuber , actress and writer .	episode_done:True
text:howell county is a county located in south central missouri in the united states .	labels:howell county is a county located in the u.s. state of missouri .	episode_done:True
text:the show followed the lives of a group of teenagers living in the upscale , star-studded community of beverly hills , california and attending the fictitious west beverly high school and , subsequently , the fictitious california university after graduation .	labels:the show followed the lives of a group of teenagers living in the upscale , star-studded community of beverly hills , california and attending the fictitious west beverly hills high school and then-fictitious california university .	episode_done:True
text:in the middle ages the region profited from the vicinity of the wealthy hanseatic city of rostock .	labels:in the middle ages the region was made rich because hanseatic city of rostock was close .	episode_done:True
text:stallman pioneered the concept of copyleft and is the main author of several copyleft licenses including the gnu general public license , the most widely used free software license .	labels:he is the author of the gnu general public license -lrb- gnu gpl or gpl -rrb- , the most used free software license , which pioneered the concept of the copyleft .	episode_done:True
text:it was a deliberate pursuit of simplicity and economy for the disney studio , and is now generally regarded as a classic of animation .	labels:it was an attempt to be simple and make profits for the disney studio , is now generally regarded as a classic of animation .	episode_done:True
text:in 1871 the fortification received an additional barracks .	labels:in 1871 the fort got an extra barracks .	episode_done:True
text:he met his wife , dancer michelle mcsween , when the pair starred in the stage musical oh , what a night in 1999 .	labels:he met his wife , dancer michelle mcsween when they both starred in the stage musical oh , what a night in 1999 .	episode_done:True
text:in 1963 , haile selassie presided over the establishment of the organisation of african unity , with the new organization establishing its headquarters in addis ababa .	labels:in 1963 , the emperor did everything he could to help start the organisation of african unity -lrb- oau -rrb- with its headquarters in addis ababa .	episode_done:True
text:their religion is predominantly roman catholic .	labels:their religion is mainly roman catholic .	episode_done:True
text:the museum and pearson field , along with the fort vancouver national historic site , are part of the vancouver national historic reserve .	labels:the museum and pearson field , and the fort vancouver national historic site , are all part of the vancouver national historic reserve .	episode_done:True
text:working extensively with the bbc , ross has presented the film programme since 1997 , his own chat show , friday night with jonathan ross since 2001 , and a radio show on bbc radio 2 beginning in 1999 .	labels:he works a lot with the bbc , and has presented the film programme since 1997 , his own chat show , friday night with jonathan ross since 2001 , and a radio show on bbc radio 2 beginning in 1999 .	episode_done:True
text:her death from leukaemia in 1998 was a shock to the nation and her family .	labels:her death from cancer in 1998 was a shock to the nation and her family .	episode_done:True
text:it is not one of the five nobel prizes established by the will of alfred nobel in 1895 .	labels:the prize was not one of the awards set out in the will of alfred nobel .	episode_done:True
text:tropical storm ana was the only tropical cyclone on record in the atlantic basin during the month of april .	labels:tropical storm ana was the only tropical cyclone in the atlantic ocean that began in the month of april .	episode_done:True
text:subsequently , in february 1941 , 600 jews were sent to buchenwald and mauthausen concentration camps .	labels:in february 1941 , 600 jews were sent to the buchenwald and mauthausen concentration camps .	episode_done:True
text:the beatles famously included his face on the cover of sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band -lrb- guy and llewelyn-jones 2004 , 111 -rrb- .	labels:his picture was included on the front cover of the beatles ’ s record sgt. pepper 's lonely hearts club band .	episode_done:True
text:a variation of the mai style of japanese dance is the kyomai or kyoto style dance .	labels:a type of the mai style of japanese dance is the kyomai or kyoto style dance .	episode_done:True
text:cave himself often contributed pieces to the magazine under the pen name of sylvanus urban .	labels:cave himself often sent in items to the magazine under the pen name of sylvanus urban .	episode_done:True
text:in common law legal systems , a precedent or authority is a legal case establishing a principle or rule that a court or other judicial body utilizes when deciding subsequent cases with similar issues or facts .	labels:in law , a precedent or authority is a legal case that established a principle or rule that a court may need to adopt when deciding subsequent cases with similar issues or facts .	episode_done:True
text:name the band came up with the name by flicking through the bible and picking out a random word .	labels:name the band thought of the name ' the maccabees ' by opening the bible to a random page .	episode_done:True
text:fifa 's supreme body is the fifa congress , an assembly made up of representatives from each affiliated member association .	labels:the most powerful organ of fifa is the fifa congress , which is an assembly made up of representatives from each member association .	episode_done:True
text:since 1987 , the heavy rail passenger mass rapid transit -lrb- mrt -rrb- metro system has been in operation .	labels:singapore has a railway system known as the mass rapid transit -lrb- singapore -rrb- , or mrt in short .	episode_done:True
text:a common element in most conceptions of piety is humility .	labels:a common element in most ideas of piety is humility .	episode_done:True
text:artifacts at the museum include military aircraft : a sopwith triplane from the first world war and an avro lancaster from the second world war .	labels:some things at the museum are war-time airplanes : a sopwith triplane from world war i and an avro lancaster from world war ii .	episode_done:True
text:schneier designed blowfish as a general-purpose algorithm , intended as a replacement for the aging des and free of the problems and constraints associated with other algorithms .	labels:schneier made blowfish as a general-purpose algorithm , to be used as a replacement for the old des algorithm and to remove the problems and difficulties of other encryption algorithms .	episode_done:True
text:history the name glinde was first mentioned in a document dated from march 25 1229 .	labels:history the name glinde is found in a document from march 25 1229 for the first time .	episode_done:True
text:cognition is the scientific term for " the process of thought " .	labels:cognition is the scientific word for the thought process .	episode_done:True
text:the organic matter in soil derives from plants and animals .	labels:the organic matter in soil comes from plants and animals .	episode_done:True
text:the bank then lends these deposits to borrowers .	labels:the bank then lends this money to borrowers .	episode_done:True
text:finished by ad 8 , possibly published posthumously .	labels:finished by ad 8 , possibly published in ad 15 .	episode_done:True
text:it was launched on 7 december 1998 , and is available on digital television via satellite , cable , iptv and terrestrial -lrb- freeview -rrb- platforms .	labels:it started on 7 december 1998 , and is available on digital television by satellite , cable , iptv and terrestrial -lrb- freeview -rrb- platforms .	episode_done:True
text:in october 1983 , the grameen bank project was transformed into an independent bank by government legislation .	labels:in october 1983 , the grameen bank project was made into an independent bank by the government .	episode_done:True
text:in practice , however , the definition means that high-precision realizations of the second should compensate for the effects of the ambient temperature -lrb- black-body radiation -rrb- within which atomic clocks operate , and extrapolate accordingly to the value of the second at a temperature of absolute zero .	labels:in practice , however , the definition means that high-precision realizations of the second should compensate for the effects of the ambient temperature -lrb- black-body radiation -rrb- within which atomic clocks operate and extrapolate accordingly to the value of the second as defined above .	episode_done:True
text:on the 15 november 2003 a sprinter train travelling to ballarat was derailed between ballan and gordon injuring 61 people when it hit a stationary car on a country railway crossing .	labels:on the 15 november 2003 a sprinter train going to ballarat was derailed -lrb- came off the tracks -rrb- between ballan and gordon hurting 61 people when it crashed into a car on a country railway crossing .	episode_done:True
text:a console manufacturer is a company that manufactures and distributes video game consoles .	labels:a console manufacturer is a company that makes and sells video game consoles .	episode_done:True
text:links with poverty and crime those who are functionally illiterate may be subject to social intimidation , health risks , stress , low income , and other pitfalls associated with their reading and writing deficits .	labels:links with poverty and crime the people who are functionally illiterate often have other problems as well : other people may intimidate them , they may have higher health risks , and stress .	episode_done:True
text:the term " union council " may be used for localities that are part of cities .	labels:the term " union council " may be used for areas that are part of cities .	episode_done:True
text:modern african history has been rife with revolutions and wars as well as the growth of modern african economies and democratization across the continent .	labels:modern african history has been full of revolutions and wars as well as the growth of modern african economies and democratization across the continent .	episode_done:True
